The Facebook page of a leading Iranian leading cartoonist, Mana Nayestani, was hacked on Tuesday, 11 September 2012, by pro-regime hackers who call themselves "Soldiers of Islam". 
The hackers celebrated their action on their own Facebook page (now removed) by posting the following message: “Thanks to God, we conquered Mana Nayestani’s Facebook account.” 
On Nayestani's page the group posted several cartoons and images against countries including the United States, Israel and Canada. 
Nayestani is a very popular cartoonist and his fan page has about 70,000 "likes". 
Global Voices has published several of his cartoons and covered his arrest over a controversial cartoon in Spring 2006. 
One of the hackers' cartoons is about Canada's decision to sever diplomatic relations with Iran. 
It's titled "The impact of the Canadian embassy's closure on Iran" and shows it as being irrelevant: 
With another cartoon they ask why the news media cover Syria but not Bahrain? 
One of the reasons that Mana Nayestani's page was chosen by pro regime hackers may be because of his political cartoons on Iranian sites such as Mardomak. 
One of his recent cartoons is about the Non-Aligned Summit in Tehran, published on Mardomak: 
Hacking opposition sites and blogs is not a new tactic. 
Before, the Soldiers of Islam appeared, the Iranian Cyber Army successfully targeted websites in several countries, illustrating that the internet truly has no borders, and that even big-name websites such as Twitter can be fragile against unknown attackers. 
The hacking of Facebook pages, jailing of cartoonists and other kind of repression have failed to curb desires for freedom of expression in Iran, both online and offline. 

Amendments to the press and publications law restricting online expression in Jordan were passed by parliament today . 
Simultaneously a demonstration was held by activists and journalists in front of the parliament as a majority of MP's voted for the bill. 
An improvised coffin plastered with the words "Freedom of the Internet" was carried by activists signalling the anticipated death of the Internet in Jordan. 
Participants wore black to the funeral-themed demonstration. 
The approved law must still receive ratification from the upper house of parliament as well as approval by King Abdullah II, who retains supreme authority and whose signature is the seal of approval to all legislative matters. 
Member of Parliament, Jamil Nimri, who voted against the bill, in addition to the head of the journalists syndicate, attended the protest and claimed that such laws serve only to restrict freedoms and muffle the voices of the people. 
It requires the owners of websites to register with the government and obtain a license, “just like any other publication.” 
Owners of websites will also be made responsible for the content of comments published by readers on their sites. 
Outrage over the proposed law has been simmering for a while and netizens had already staged an online campaign to draw attention to the new law and its repercussions. 
On Twitter, netizens expressed their dismay at such a bill. 
The beginning of the Internet freedom funeral in front of the Jordanian Parliament. 
Photograph shared by Mohamed Al Qaq on Twitter 
Mohamed Al Qaq tweets : @‬moalQaq: The funeral of the internet freedom has started‫ 
He shares this photograph, right, from the protest. 
Nizar Samarri adds: ‪@‬NizarSam: The house of representative have passed the amendments to the press and publications law just a while ago… what a shame 
‪ 
And @godotbasha asks: 
@godotbasha: So if I draw parallels between Jordan and police states vis a vis ‪#censorship‬ law I can be subjected to persecution? ‪#freenetjo‬ 
Hisham Al Balawneh tweets: @Jor2Day: I am not convinced at all that the goal behind the press and publications law is to organise, but is rather to shut the people up and move Jordan backwards 
And Hanin Abu Shamat states: 
‪@HaninSh: ‬What's with the #FreeNetJO drama? 
The Senate (Upper House) has to approve it first... 
I trust our Senators and not our useless MPs. :) #JO 
Shahzeydo reflects: 
@Shahzeydo: With one regressive law Jordanian bureaucracy puts a leash on Jordan's knowledge economy. 
'Brilliant' Govt logic in a recession. #FreeNetJo"‬ 
And Majd Yousef continues: @Mayousef: They have killed freedom in our country and accused it of being dishonourable so that they would exonerate themselves 
Fadi Zaghmout comments: @ArabObserver: A black day in Jordan's history 
While Mohamad Shawash warns: 
Bashar Zeedan links the new attack on the freedom of the Internet to the Jordanian Spring. 
He says: @BasharZeedan: The government has been suppressing, censoring, lifting and suppressing since the start of the #Jordanian_Spring… they've misunderstood the issue 
And Omar Qudah adds: @OmarQudah: He who thinks he can fence space like he fences a roundabout or a farm, is crazy! 
Omar Kamel sees the Parliament's decision as a signal to boycott the elections: @BshMosawer: The parliament of 'fangs'… I hope to see the day you suffer! 
This is the reason number 1000 following thousands of other reasons to boycott the elections! 
Activists launched a petition on Avaaz.com under the title "Save the internet", which called on King Abdullah II, the minister of information and members of parliament to repeal the amendments to the press and publications law. 
Human Rights Watch also published a report on the latest bill passed by the parliament and the restrictions that are to be imposed on Jordanian websites, titled "Jordan: Moves to Censor Online Expression." 

The Union Women and Child Development Ministry in India is considering a draft bill which, if passed by parliament, would make it legally compulsory for husbands to pay out a portion of their monthly income to their homemaker wives, for doing household chores. 
As per the Ministry's proposal, a model is being framed which will allow for valuation of the work done by homemakers in economic terms and then recognition of this contribution to the economy by compensating homemakers for their labour. 
The proposed law is expected to refer to homemakers as "home engineers". 
Minister Krishna Tirath has said that this amount, which could be anywhere between 10-20% of the husband's monthly salary, should not be looked upon as salary for housework; rather it could be referred to as an honorarium or something similar. 
While the Minister sees this as a step forward in women's empowerment, the proposal is being debated hotly, both offline as well as online. 
A woman washing clothes. 
Image by Neil Moralee CC BY-NC-ND 2.0 
Some feel that "measuring the value of unpaid work at home is conceptually correct and well worth trying", though making it mandatory for husbands to pay out a fixed percentage of their salaries in lieu of this work may be the wrong way forward. 
Others wonder how it will be possible to put a 'price tag' on all the work that goes on within a home and how such a law would be implemented - given the various questions that are sure to come up in it's wake. 
And questions are indeed being asked. 
For example, LordRaj asks: 
Are you suggesting an Employee / Employer relationship for the married couple? 
Who is going to decide on the working hours and job description? 
In Ground Report, which is an open news platform, D. Chaitanya outlines some further questions related to this issue that people (both men and women) appear to be hotly debating. 
For example: 
If in the place of wife, house-maid is discharging every day house-hold work, then how should the house-maid be treated? 
Should not the house-maid be treated on par with the wife? 
(In such cases) who are legitimately entitled for that 10 or 20% of amount? 
If 10 or 20% salary is deposited on wife’s name, what about the maintenance money to wife, if she deserts the husband and files a maintenance case on husband? 
Will this law create new financial skirmishes between wives and husbands? 
Like 498-A of Penal Code, Maintenance laws, domestic violence laws, will this law also be misused by some wives? 
Blogger Surya Murali too is wondering how the government proposes to implement a law such as this. 
She says on her blog: 
I am all for the empowerment of women, and also their financial independence... (but) my biggest question to these lawmakers is that how are they planning to implement the proposal? 
If they go about doing it the way such that a husband shares a percentage of his income with his wife for her work, I don’t see how it makes the economic situation of the house any better or how it makes the woman independent and empowered. 
The gross income remaining the same, the household economy is not changed. 
Most responsible husbands, in my belief, would share the running costs of the household with their wives anyway… if that isn’t the case, then this sort of a scheme is not going to improve the husband-wife equation of those households. 
At iDiva, Archana Jayakumar asks: 
How does all of this not make her anything but a glorified servant? 
Sunita at Supari.org agrees and calls this proposed Bill as "family breaking move" by the government. 
Under the guise of 'development and welfare' of women, all you have been doing is promoting a bias against men. 
Men's rights groups tend to agree. 
Vicky Nanjappa points out: 
A proposal to part with a portion of the husband’s salary and hand it over to the wife has been strongly opposed by Men’s rights groups...The ‘Save Family Foundation’ has written a letter to Krishna Tirath, Union Minister for Women and Child Development, seeking immediate withdrawal of the proposal. 
The foundation, representing around 40 different men’s organizations across the country, has termed this proposal as one-sided. 
With such incentives, it is not surprising that many wives would rather just sit idle, and get free doles from their husbands, with the kind blessings of the Indian judicial system. 
And all this under the guise of women empowerment 
However, others are more positive to this proposal for various reasons. 
For example, in a discussion in the Defence Forum India, Yusuf appears pleased. 
Actually this news is music to my ears. 
Gives me more ways to save tax. :-) 
Blogger Surya Murali goes on to offer, what she feels is a more practical solution to the issue, something that will truly benefit the women without getting her into the "employer-employee" hierarchy within the family. 
Let the government work out a method in which they evaluate the households economically and they give the housewives / homemakers an allowance. 
This totally skips the husband as a middleman and is a direct deal between the people who want the housewives to be empowered and the housewives. 
In my opinion, this would not only help the women be independent, it will also improve the general quality of life in households which otherwise manage with meager means. 
Thus, both targets of economic upliftment and female empowerment would be achieved. 
InfoQueenBee agrees and adds: 
While we wait to see what happens to the Minister's proposal, it appears that the debate surrounding the question of the husband being forced to pay his "house engineer" an 'honorarium' for household work, is far from over. 
Thumbnail image by Todd Berman (TheArtDontStop.org) CC: BY-NC-SA 2.0 

Over the past few years it has become apparent that, if one has a loud enough voice and a big enough audience — not to mention a good sense of humor — social media can serve as a great platform for change. 
And while that often means political or social change, it can also mean — as famous blogger Heather Armstrong, aka Dooce, has proven — the ability to get a major company to listen to your complaints. 
Adding a hashtag, Mowafi encouraged followers to tweet their own complaints about the airline: To all those who've been tortured by @flyegyptair please join me in my plight to get them to answer and explain themselves #DearEgyptAir 
Many quickly followed suit. 
Waleed Mowafi (@WallyMow) added: 
#DearEgyptAir Sometimes when i'm at home I rub sandpaper on my arms because i miss the feel of the Egypt Air blankets @flyegyptair 
Mai Eldib (@14inchHEELS) complained: 
#DearEgyptAir would it be possible for me to once fly without having pilots smoking in the cockpit @AmyMowafi 
@Mayounah had a more pressing concern: 
#DearEgyptAir plz don't roll your eyes at me when I complain water is dripping from your ac on board...I'm pretty sure it is an issue 
Many were focused on the culinary "delights" offered by the airline. @ShadenFawaz said of the cake: 
#DearEgyptAir have you tried eating that "cake" that you serve!? 
Well it's not food in case you haven't noticed 
@LailaShentenawi quipped: 
#DearEgyptAir U make sure no one boards with a nail file! Yet u ignore that if someone got hit with the bread u serve he/she could die! 
Waleed Mowafi mocked: 
@MarwaAyad was a little more straightforward: 
#DearEgyptAir Who prepares and cooks those meals? 
Seriously who? 

On 13 July, 2012, Ethiopia's federal court sentenced a prominent Ethiopian blogger Eskinder Nega and 23 other opposition activists to 18 years in jail for allegedly participating in terrorist activities. 
Eskinder Nega is a journalist, who turned to blogging to find a breathing space online for his dissenting views, has been in a prison for a year now. 
14 September, 2012 marks the first anniversary of his arrest. 
The Ethiopian online community remembers him on Facebook: 
Mesfin Negash writes: 
One year since journalist Eskinder Nega arrested in front of his son. 
We mark the day demanding the release of Journalists and other prisoners of conscience in Ethiopia. 
Light a candle wherever you may be today. 
We want Eskinder and others FREE! 
Ethiopian jailed blogger and journalist Eskinder Nega. 
Photo courtesy of FreeEskinderNega.com 
Jawar Mohammed shares Qale'ab Tadesse Che Jr.’s note which was written by Serkalem Fasil, the wife of Eskidner Nega, and demands that the Ethiopian government free all political prisoners: 
It is one year today since Eskinder Nega was thrown to jail , he was then falsely charged with terrorism and sentenced to 18 years imprisonment. 
According to the note below by his wife and fellow journalist Serkalem Fasil, when he was a rrested, Eskinder was bringing their 6 year old child from school. The police stopped him on his way and would not even let him bring the kid home. 
They violently split the boy from his father. 
What was strange was that they ( police) kept video tapping and taking pictures as the boy was crawling on the ground and crying watching his father who was being thrown around and hand cuffed. 
None of them tried to comfort the terrified baby. 
Since then all the young child could to talk is police. 
He repeats how the police took his father.He is scared that they would come any time. 
He is terrified of them. 
Serkalem asks, "now tell me who is the terrorist?" 
She says she is worried more about the psychological impact this had on her young son than incarceration of Eskendir, because unlike the child, the father was prepared and knew this was coming. 
Free Eskinder Nega and the rest of the over 30,000 political prisoners languishing in the various Ethiopian jails. 
Meanwhile, Facebook users created a Facebook group which says "iCare" with all members of the group making their Facebook profile pictures with an Ethiopian flag with a note on it which reads "I care!": 
Nebiyu Hailu one of the members of the group writes: 
Every single day shows me that Meles Zenawi was monster, evil, cruel dictator. 
Thanks God I’ll never see Meles again. 
But this good-for-nothing Epdrf guys must free up Eskinder Nega, Andualem Arage & other political prisoners. 
I really care! we need freedom. 
After all we live in a big prison. 
Zone Nine, a blog which is a host of nine young Ethiopian bloggers, reports the online event and demands the release of all political prisoners : 
The one year anniversary of the incarceration of Eskinder Nega is being marked by Ethiopians on Facebook! Ethiopians are changing their profile pictures with an Ethiopian flag with a message on it! 
As a group of bloggers who firmly believe in free press and free discussion we demand to the Ethiopian government to free Eskinder Nega and all political prisoners! 
The Ethiopian government has increased its online censorship activities since September 2011. 
Among those jailed are two Swedish journalists who are serving an 11 year prison term for allegedly supporting an ethnic Somali rebel group. 
Eskinder Nega is the winner of Pen America's PEN/Barbara Goldsmith Freedom to Write Award for his endeavor for freedom of expression in an extremely inhospitable media landscape. 

As the tension between China and Japan over the disputed Diaoyu Islands (also known as the Senkaku Islands) has elevated, large scale anti-Japan protests have taken place all over China in more than 80 cities over the weekend. 
Some of the demonstrations turned violent, protesters started attacking Japanese style restaurants, shopping malls and shops; some even tried to set fire to Japanese vehicles. 
Yet, in a country where online activities are closely monitored and public security forces are extremely effective, many wondered what made these nationwide protests possible. 
Free More News's video shows how protesters in Changsha attacked and mobbed a Japanese shopping center in September 15, 2012: 
Coordination of protests 
Many netizens pointed out that the protests were coordinated via QQ groups, which are more "private" than other social media platforms such as Weibo. 
From Sina Weibo, Mars explains : 
Protesters set fire to a car in Xian. 
Photos from Free more news. 
Weibo is not a popular platform. 
The anti-Japan propaganda is spreading via QQ groups and QQ space like a virus. 
The violent protesters are stirred up by these platforms. 
Also on Weibo, user Economist finds out that government civil servants were active in mobilizing the protests: 
I asked him about the background of the senders. 
He said one is working for the land revenue bureau, one is working for a research center in a military corporation. 
zy in boston raises a technical question: 
How come there are so many anti-Japan protesters in Shenzhen? 
What about the three layers of monitoring existing in QQ? 
Are all these functions suspended because of patriotism? 
Indeed over the past two days, even though words like "Rally" (游行) have not been searchable on social media platforms, the term "Anti-Japan protest" has not been banned. 
Words like "Diaoyu Islands", "Protect Diaoyu", "Protest", and "Crushing" even appear in the hot topic search list. 
Below is the screen capture of the "Anti-Japan Protest" (反日示威) search result: 
Behind the scenes? 
Hu Zimei raises a series of questions and wonders who exactly is behind the scenes: 
Something is wrong. 
1. 
40-50 cities are protesting at the same time; 2. 
The total number of participants are not too many but the protests are rather destructive. Most of them are young men, they work together to launch attacks at some very specific targets; 3. 
The riot police are not prepared; 4. 
The state-controlled media and opinion leaders consider the violent protests as radical expression of patriotism; 5. 
All micro-blogs that show the violent scenes are deleted. 
I wonder if this is organized violence that has nothing to do with people? 
Some bloggers believe that the protest is related to the upcoming 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China. 
Some news reports have already pointed out that the numbers in the Politburo Standing Committee (top leadership of the Communist Party of China) will be reduced from 9 to 7 seats and the secretary of the Political and Legislative Committee will be dismissed from the core leadership. 
The Committee is designed to oversee public security, law execution and judiciary in China and has been responsible for "stability maintenance" in the past few years. 
Such an arrangement is believed to be related to the scandal of the former Chongqing party Secretary Bo Xilai, who is closely connected with the Head of the Public Security Bureau and the current Secretary of the Political and Legislative Committee, Zhou Yongkang. 
Below are some of the speculations found on Weibo : 
Tang Song history: The propaganda authorities and the Political and Legislative Committee are working together under some commands. 
This is what they want, an excuse for them to take action. 
Then they can re-enter the scene. 
This is their intention. 
They are the directors and you are the voluntary actors. 
Please think who are the victim and who gain from this? 
History has be recurring through out all the dynasties. 
Do we have to go through this again? 
RVP: Why there is no violent act in Taiwan and Hong Kong? 
Only one reason, the Communists are self-directing the whole act. 
Cry out loud: Can't you see? 
They are making use of the anti-Japan protest to express their anger at the government. 
The Maoist Left is probably behind this. 
The central authority is caught in the middle of internal and external tension. 
Rational voices 
While angry patriots are in the street protesting, cooler heads do prevail online as the Tea Leaf Nation pointed out . 
Below are some of my picks from the more rational voices: 
WeMarketing: I know a bit more about China in this violent protest. 
We are now in 2012, but history still keeps recurring. 
This is in the name of anti-Japan, next time in the name of anti-capitalists, or anti-foreigners. 
If you are among the group of people being targeted at, you can't protect your property and your own safety. 
Boxer rebellion, Red Guards, patriotic thugs, one generation after other. 
hut in the city: In history, both the Boxer and the Red Guard are used as weapons and then turned into scapegoats. 
Don't join the angry youth. 
Who will gain from these violent acts? 
Please just use your brain. 
They make use of a 7 kilometre square piece of land to stir up the crazies all over China's 960 million square meters of territories. 
Some of us still feel that they are heroes. 
My mother asked what would happened if the war started? 
I said I am not afraid of war but I am afraid of the Cultural Revolution. 
As the violence has elevated, riot police have adopted stronger measures. 
However, as the anniversary of the Muken Incident is approaching on September 18, the anti-Japanese sentiment may continue to grow in the next few days. 

An Iranian official, Abdolsamad Khoramabadi, said this was due to a request by the public to oppose an anti-Islam film on YouTube that many see as blasphemous (Google owns YouTube). 
Khoramabadi is a key member of a “Commission to Determine Instances of Criminal Content”. 
Meanwhile some speculate that the true reason for blocking Google has more to do with promoting the so called Iranian "national Internet" which was supposed to become operational on 22 September, but has so far not appeared. 
Cartoon by Mana Neyestani. 
Source: Internet Freedom Project on Facebook 
Global Voices contacted several Iranians in different cities including Tehran, Shiraz and Qom. Almost all say they have no access to Gmail. 
A number of them are also unable to access Google search. 
Arash Abadpour, a Canada-based Iranian blogger and computer scientist explained the situation to Global Voices as following: 
Cutting off access to Google Search essentially pushes a significantly larger population towards looking for ways to be able to get around the filtering regime. 
A result of this process is not necessarily a "better" or "more free" Internet, but, nevertheless, the current course of action is not going to help the Iranian establishment either. 
They are pushing people towards a more vigilant approach to the Internet. 
They are telling people "go learn how to use a VPN", and I foresee that being exactly what is going to happen. 
A Facebook campaign has launched to call for Internet freedom and the right to access Google. 
Mana Neyestani's cartoon (right) on Google being filtered is eye-catching on this Facebook page. 
Several Iranian netizens also tweeted about the filtering with irony. 
Behran Tajdin tweeted : 
@Behrang: This "public" who requested Google filtering, did they not have gmail accounts? 
If they had, what do they use them for? 
Saye Roshan tweeted : 
@sayeeeeh: We blocked Gmail and Google, we brought up the rate for the dollar, I doubt we can make life harder for the USA with these actions. 
In reality the primary victim in this decision is not Google, but the freedom of Iranians. 
It seems even virtual freedoms are too much for the Islamic regime. 

Proscovia Alengot Oromait has become Africa's youngest Member of Paliament (MP) at the age of 19, after she won the Usuk county election with 11,059 votes. 
The outspoken youngster replaces her father who died earlier this year. 
Alengot is a member of National Resistance Movement, headed by President Yoweri Museveni. 
Honourable Alengot Oromait. 
Photo used with permission of monitor.co.ug. 
Many people have come out to congratulate her, whilst some are saying she will not survive her term in parliament because of her age and limited experience. 
Some people believe this is the beginning of change in Africa and its time to get rid of the overly old leaders and allow young people to take the continent forward. 
Hon. Alengot's area faces challenges of clean water, electricity and poor roads among others. 
For now the people of Usuk have their hopes pinned on the 19 year-old MP. 
Hopefully, she will be in position to represent her area and develop it. 
Google map of Alengo's constituency: 
View Larger Map 
Some citizen media comments are sampled below: 
Young women powering change! 19 year old Proscovia Alengot Oromait elected to Uganda Parliament. http://fb.me/28DoJ2IUr 
Joy Doreen Biira requests someone to teach Ms Alomait the basics she needs to learn as an MP: 
@JoyDoreenBiira: Alengot Oromait, 19 years old is now a MP in Uganda.... 
Very Good. 
But can someone "home-school" her on the basics she needs to know else... 
Commenting on New Vision website, Agambagye Frank thinks its good that she was elected and believes this is how democracy should be: 
thats why democracy is good pple voted her 
Commenting on a story on the Monitor website, nkuutu urges advises the MP to concentrate on her studies, as the MP seat can be lost at anytime and she may have to look for a job: 
I just have one piece of advice for the hon MP: Don't worry, be happy. 
This might be the only time in your life to shine! 
Come next elections ....who knows. 
Don't forget your day job ...I mean your studies. 
No one will give you a job with a CV with "ex-MP but no qualification". 
Anyone can be an MP, but not everyone is educated. 
Congrats!! 
ProWoman thinks people are treating Ms Alengot like a baby. 
She goes on to tell them to let her think for herself because she is an adult: 
Proscovia does not need too much advice. 
You guys are treating her like a baby. 
At 19 she's an adult. 
Why is every man trying to be a parent to her? 
Leave this young woman alone to think critically for herself. 
It seems that there are too many cooks around. 
Proscovia actually has the figure of Michelle Obama. 
Tall, athletic, beautiful and confident. 
Michelle the first Black US first lady did not need too much advice on how to be a first Black first lady in the White House. 
Congratulations to Proscovia! 
Proscovia Alengot was sworn in on Thursday 20, September, 2012. 
She is the youngest and first female teenage Member of Parliament in Africa. 

Monday's official confirmation of Ethiopia’s Prime Minster Meles Zenawi's death, sparked reactions among social media users in Tanzania, especially after tweets started appearing from what some thought was Zenawi's official Twitter account. 
In all started when Zitto Zuberi Kabwe, a Member of Parliament from Tanzania, sent this tweet: 
@zittokabwe: My condolences to the people of #Ethiopia following the death of Prime Minister #MelesZenawi Hope for a democratic developmental Abbysinia 
Chambi Chachage tweeted a blog post titled ‘Meles Zenawi's Farewell to Young African Leaders' from the United Nations Economic Commission for Africa (UNECA) on 16 November 2006, which was retweeted by others. And then suddenly @PMMelesZenawi intervened, apparently 'tweeting after death' to Tanzania's Member of Parliament Zitto Kabwe: 
@PMMelesZenawi: @zittokabwe please be better than I was. 
Not fun up here I am preparing 2 pay for some of this http://www.ethiopianreview.net/index/?p=42267 
Meles Zenawi ‏@PMMelesZenawi - tweeting after death. 
Source: Twitter Screen Shot 
This tweet to Zitto Kabwe, who has more than 29,000 followers, caused a stir, setting off speculation- was ‏@PMMelesZenawi hacked by opponents? 
@zittokabwe: @hmgeleka this account seems not to be genuine of recent @pmmeleszenawi 
Zitto Zuberi Kabwe concluded, and continued: 
@zittokabwe: @AnnieTANZANIA tweets by @PMMelesZenawi not genuine. 
Account hacked by his opponents 
Omar Ilyas backed it: 
However, the debate on Meles Zenawi’s legacy continued ranging from both admiration for Meles ability to ‘get the job done’ to the widespread awareness that Meles was not a democrat: 
@Htunga: @zittokabwe Who is Meles seriously?I see Ethiopians starving n dying in lorries..I remember the shooting in 2010 too. 
@zittokabwe: @Htunga were Tanzanians not starving and dying during Nyerere? 
But we celebrate him because of his principles. 
Meles the same’ @zittokabwe: @PMMelesZenawi regardless of his mistakes, #MelesZenawi remains a role model to me. 
You have freedom to bring back #TheDerg or Isaias 
The fake (supposedly hacked) @PMMelesZenawi Twitter account, which managed to set off the debate mentioned above, also raises the question of why many public figures and politicians in Africa haven’t had their Twitter accounts verified. 
Reportedly, in many cases Twitter takes too long, or simply never respond to requests for verifying accounts. 
Twitter is extremely popular in Tanzania as a tool for exchanging views and debate and also as a platform for breaking news. 
Twitter, however, can easily be abused as in @PMMelesZenawi case, and can also cause confusion and suspicion with regard to authenticity and reliability of sources. 
Other fake, hacked or parody African Twitter profiles at present are:@Hailemdesalegne, @Julius_S_Malema, @kabwezitto, @alfredmutua and @MwaiKibaki 
Meles Zenawi was President of Ethiopia from 1991 to 1995 and later became the Prime Minister of Ethiopia in 1995 following the general elections that year. 

Hibiscus is a Global Voices project designed to amplify Sino-Africa conversations taking place online and create dialogue about the relationship between China and Africa, specifically encouraging conversations between bloggers in both regions and those outside the region who write about the China-Africa relationship. 
Chinese interest and presence in Africa has increased rapidly in the last few years and the country has become Africa's largest trading partner. 
"Trade between China and Africa increased by more than 22 percent year-over-year to $80.5 billion in the first five months of 2012," writes Mike King quoting figures from China’s Ministry of Commerce. 
As part of this project, we will regularly feature blogs or any other social media sites that focus on the China-Africa relationship. 
Today we are introducing to you China in Africa: The Real Story blog, written by Deborah Brautigam, author of The Dragon's Gift: The Real Story of China in Africa. 
Banner in Beijing in November 1996, during the Forum on China-Africa Cooperation. 
Image released under Creative Commons (CC BY-SA 2.0) by Flickr user stephenrwalli 
Deborah Brautigam is: 
Professor and Director, International Development Program, Johns Hopkins University/SAIS; senior research fellow at IFPRI, and author of The Dragon's Gift: The Real Story of China in Africa (Oxford U. Press, 2009, 2011). 
A China scholar, I first went to Africa in 1983 to research Chinese engagement and never stopped. 
China in Africa: The Real Story won the Danwei Model Worker Awards 2012, which is a list of the best specialist websites, blogs and online sources of information about China. 
Below are some of interesting stories that Deborah Brautigam has written about the Chinese presence in Africa. 
'Learning Chinese in Zambia': 
A growing number of students are producing really first rate field research on China in Africa. 
I recently read the M.A. thesis of Arwen Hoogenbosch, who is finishing his M.A. in Leiden. 
His thesis, "Made-in-China”: Chinese as a commodity and a socioeconomic resource in Chinese language schools in Zambia" makes fascinating reading. 
Arwen spent several months doing "participant observation", enrolled in a Chinese language school in Zambia (which has both a Confucius Institute and a private-for-profit Chinese language school). 
He got to know his fellow students, and reports on their varied goals and hopes for learning Chinese. 
She continues: 
Arwen's analysis of the motives for Zambians to study Chinese is thoughtful. 
Some thought it would advance their job prospects, although Arwen writes: "it appears that Chinese companies prefer Chinese skilled employees." 
I think there is a lot more potential for Africans who speak Chinese than perhaps Arwen does. 
I'm current in Ethiopia and seeing some fascinating examples of Chinese companies employing Ethiopians at a high management level. 
'Kenyan Traders Protest Against Chinese Competitors': 
The proliferation of Chinese traders in African markets is one of the perinneal sore spots in China-Africa relations. 
This video highlights the recent protests in Nairobi where African traders fear and resent the competition. 
Consumers generally welcome the expansion of products at lower cost, but frequently complain about the low quality of cheap goods. 
On the plus side: cheap Chinese cell phone have allowed Africans at the bottom of the pyramid to communicate in unexpectedly large numbers. 
None of these products need to be sold by Chinese, of course. 
As I've noted in this blog, thousands of African traders visit Chinese cities and export directly from China to their home markets. 
The YouTube video below posted by NTVKenya on August 16, 2012, shows Kenyan traders protesting against Chinese traders: 
'"Zombie" Chinese Land Grabs in Africa Rise Again in New Database!': 
Last week, the new Land Matrix "land grab" database was released at a big World Bank conference on land. 
The Land Matrix project is "an international partnership involving five major European research centres and 40 civil society and research groups from around the world." 
On paper, they have a strong methodology and very strict criteria about projects that are to be included. 
But in practice, they seem to violate their own rules routinely, at least when it comes to Chinese "projects" in Africa. 
She goes on to list Chinese "zombie" land grabs in Africa: 
I understand there is a lot of Chinese land investment in Asia, especially in Cambodia and Laos. 
I don't know the Asia cases, but when the database was made public, I checked the China-Africa cases in the online database, which supposedly only lists the cases that have passed their "robust" fact-checking process (which apparently involves checking to see if another NGO has published a link to a media report on an alleged case). 
I was interested to see which "Zombie Chinese projects" (i.e. dead projects, or projects that in fact never had any life to them at all!) are in their database as confirmed. 
Here is a sample: 
(2) ABSA Biofuels 30,200 ha in Ethiopia. 
Huh? 
This proposed joint venture is not "Chinese" but South African-Chinese-Ethiopian, and was listed in an Ethiopian database in 2008 as in the "pre-implementation" phase. 
It has never been implemented. 
(5) Zimbabawe 101,170 ha irrigated maize project. 
I've written about this countless times. 
It was a construction contract given to a Chinese company by the Zimbabwe government, not a Chinese investment. 
They were not paid. 
They went home. 
The land never ended up being developed. 
This all happened almost ten years ago, in 2003 for Pete's sake! 
'Africa's Free Press Problem: Is China Causing It?': 
Keita's piece makes a lot of good points. 
Investigative reporters have a very tough road in many parts of Africa and there are many examples of courage under impossibly tough conditions. 
However, his opinion oversteps his evidence in linking increased Chinese economic activity in Africa with increased repression of the media. 
Asking "Why this disturbing trend? (of media repression)" Keita points to (inter alia) "the influence of China, which surpassed the West as Africa’s largest trading partner in 2009." 
As an example of this causal linkage, Keita wrote: "The volume of trade between Rwanda and China increased fivefold between 2005 and 2009. During the same period, the government has eviscerated virtually all critical press and opposition and has begun filtering Rwandan dissident news Web sites based abroad." 
She agrees with Keita about Chinese technical and media ties with African government: 
Keita actually does make a good point in his observation that with growing trade, "China has been deepening technical and media ties with African governments to counter the kind of critical press coverage that both parties demonize as neocolonialist." 
Rather than training African reporters to be like Xinhua reporters, the Chinese goal in stepping up training and PR activities is to present a different picture of Chinese activities in Africa to counter the negative reporting eminating from "the West". 
The establishment of modern China-Africa relations dates back to the late 1950s when China signed the first official bilateral trade agreement with Algeria, Egypt, Guinea, Somalia, Morocco and Sudan. 
However, ancient China-Africa relations date back as far as 202 BC and AD 220. 

Lebanon now boasts a Virtual Museum of Censorship, an online database of censorship cases in Lebanon since the 1940s. 
The website was launched by Lebanese organization MARCH to draw attention to information kept away from people. 
On September 2, 2012, the day the Museum of Censorship was launched, MARCH said: 
WELCOME TO THE VIRTUAL MUSEUM OF CENSORSHIP IN LEBANON ! 
Ever wondered WHAT was censored in Lebanon, WHEN, and particularly WHY? 
You have come to the right place. 
Here, you will be able to look up material that was censored since the 1940's ! 
Heard of something that is being censored, is under the threat of being censored or has been censored in the past that we have missed/failed to spot? 
Feel free to report it in order to complete the database. 
Netizens can report censored movies, music, theater pieces, books, print and audiovisual content from 1940s to date on the website. 
They are required to give the name of the censored work, the censorship date, entity and reason. 
For instance, Charlie Chaplin's Great Dictator was banned in 1940 for its anti-Nazi views. 
While, in 1990 LBC International received threats from the National Audiovisual Media Council to suspend its transmission over the broadcast of an interview with David Levy, the Israeli foreign Minister at that time. 
Who censors in Lebanon? 
The Virtual Museum of Censorship lists four main Lebanese censorship entities: 
General Security: Licensing, Monitoring, Censoring creative works 
Provides licenses to publish for periodical publications 
May suspend a TV channel for a maximum period of 3 days 
Can censor cinematic works from the preliminary stage of the censorship process, along with the General Security 
The special administrative committee: In the case that General Security finds what it considers enough cause to prevent part or all of the film from being screened, a decision shall be made by the committee according to a majority vote of its member to allow the film to be screened as it is, to edit certain parts of the film or to ban the film from being screened altogether. 
The final decision shall officially be issued by the Ministry of Interior, alone. 
The National Audiovisual Media Council:The Council has become a "media watchdog". 
Censorship motives 
In Lebanon, censorship practices are either politically, religiously or morally motivated. 
The Virtual Museum of Censorship explains: 
Political reasons: regarding foreign relations with friendly countries, the censor pays considerable attention to the political sensitivities of Arab regimes and endeavors to safeguard diplomatic relations with these countries as well as banning attacks on the Palestinian cause and Arabs in general. 
Films on the civil war have been routinely censored since the nineties on the basis that referring to the conflict “threatens civil peace”. 
Israel: regarding relations with enemy states, censorship is firstly based on a national law that calls for the boycott of all Israeli products. 
Secondly, there is censorship of all forms of publicity or compassion for Israel : this boycott was initially observed by the entire Arab League. 
Today, only Lebanon and Syria adhere to it stringently(...) 
Religion: General Security will send creative works it thinks might upset religious sensitivities to their respective governing bodies (usually the Catholic Information Center or the Dar-al-Fatwa, which is Lebanon’s highest Sunni Muslim authority). 
Scenes or topics that question the ability of religion to counter evil and offensive scenes are removed. 
Obscene and Immoral content: regarding censorship material which offends public morals, contains scenes of nudity, sex and foul language are strictly censored and the censor generally determines the extent to which the film or work does not offend public morals. 
Also, works that promote homosexuality are prohibited but violent scenes or scenes depicting drug use are allowed. 
Twitter reactions 
On Twitter, the initiative was welcomed: 
@SultanAlQassemi: This is a brilliant idea: The Virtual Museum of Censorship (Lebanon) censorshiplebanon.org via @Sandmonkey Every Gulf state needs one 
@ramseygeorge: This is fantastic 

Can democracy exist in Islamic societies? 
This was the topic of conversation between Bahraini bloggers today. 
Bahraini artist Al Shaikh raised the issue when he tweeted : 
@Anas_Al_Shaikh: It is difficult to separate between what is political and what is religious in Islamic societies and this is why democracy will never succeed even if we write the best constitutions and accept the peaceful rotation of power 
Fearless Ba7rainia replies: 
@fearlessbahrain: Democracy is the solution and the remedy for such problems. If laws are developed, people will improve too in a natural way. 
A civil society is our people's savior 
Bahraini journalist Abbas Busafwan has another take. He responds to Al Shaikh's original tweet saying: 
@abbasbusafwan: This conclusion is really painful. It could be a generalisation. 
Perhaps Turkey's example is a success 
Al Shaikh answers: 
@Anas_Al_Shaikh: Turkey did not balance between religious and political issues. 
For instance, Turkey has rights for gays, and I saw them myself protesting on the famous Taksim street 
And Ahmed Al-haddad adds: 
@DiabloHaddad: Turkey isn't today what it was during the rule of Ataturk. The famous Erdogan took Turkey to the pre-Ataturk era 
In reply, Busafwan jokes: 
@abbasbusafwan: I think that Saudi Arabia is the best example of democracy, Shura, Human rights, free Press, and balancing between religion and politics 
Abu Yousif agrees that politics and religion don't mix: 
@xronos2: I agree. We shouldn't mix religion with politics for they don't agree and then we would become a repressive regime like Iran 
And Abu Karim says we should improve what we already have instead of importing a Western-style democracy: 
@AbuKarim1: Our problem is that we want to implement Western theories on our societies instead of searching in what we have and modernising it 

Lightening the skin is a common practice in Africa where the sale of skin lightening products is legal in many countries. 
However, the use of these creams is not safe: stretch marks, pimples, hair, hypertension and diabetes are all risks user take. 
In Senegal, a whitening product named "Khess Petch" is creating controversy on the web. 
Kiné Fatim Diop explains in 'A whiter skin in 15 days': 
"Completely white", is how one translates the Wolof expression "Khess Petch", the name of a new cream supposedly with skin whitening qualities. 
Amadou Bakhaw DIAW on the site Ndarinfo, writes in 'The "Khess Petch" campaign, an insult to our identity': 
Twenty days ago, a new product called "Khess Petch" appeared in the Dakar greater area, on more than 100 billboards of 12 square meters each. 
With her blog post, 'A very clear skin at any cost: Understanding the phenomena in Africa', Carole Ouédraogo on the website NextAfrique explains that this phenomenon is common in many African countries: 
The researchers estimate that roughly 25 % of women in Bamako, Mali use the skin lightening products... in South Africa 35% ... in Senegal 52% ... 
And she adds: 
Women in Senegal associate light skin with beauty, elegance and high social status. 
On the blog A Toubab in Dakar, a blog post entitled 'The Xessalisation a.k.a the stupid quest for whiteness' tries to answer the question "Why whiten your skin?": 
Some believe that Senegalese man love clear skin, so somewomen whiten their skin to please them. 
Other talk of an"inferiority complex" … 
Blogger Fatou on Blackbeautybag goes further in his post 'Skin Whitening: Practices, Challenges and Accoutability': 
These issues are related to sequels from slavery and colonialism. 
From a psychological point of view, the past has left its mark on many people. 
Remarks like: YOU ARE BLACK AS THE NIGHT, IF YOU ARE TOO BLACK, NO MAN WILL WANT YOU, and the list goes on and on... 
One of the first counters from the blogger community is explained by Kiné Fatim Diop: 
Rapidly, a citizen awareness project exposing the risks of the cream grew on social networks. 
Launched online on the 8 September, a petition calling for the Ministry of Health to put a halt to the advertising campaign, gathered more than 1,000 signatures in four days. 
@K_Sociial on Twitter mused: 
@K_Sociaal: I will soon create : "Nioul kouk" you will see. 
The girls will become blue! ... 
Bloggers and infographics designers took the idea to task and organized a counter-campaign: "We see your Khess Petch (completely white) campaign and we raise its counter: Nioul Kouk (completely black in wolof)". 

A student from Hainan University threw his shoe at Maoist commentator Sima Nan on October 7, 2012, to protest against the absence of rights to free speech in China. 
Before he threw the shoe, he said, "even if your talk is not good, you can go back to your hotel. 
If I argue against it, certainly I will be locked up in a tiny dark room." 
The student took the action during a Question and Answer session. 
Below is a video showing the incident with a brief transcription of the student's remarks: 
I am also a student here. 
I want to make a few points. 
Secondly, I need freedom and democracy is a means to protect freedom. Thirdly, I have to say, your talk against democracy has invaded my freedom. We are not equally able to exercise our freedom of speech. 
The four points that you have mentioned, I cannot go against them because of political correctness. 
Even if your talk is not good, you can go back to your hotel. 
If I argue against it, certainly I will be locked up in a tiny dark room. 
Please don't interrupt me. 
You should have the manners not to interrupt me. 
Here comes my question, can I throw my shoe at you? 
As my freedom is harmed in this country, I am here to protect my freedom. 
Another student describes the scene in his blog: 
The talk started at 7:30. At the beginning Sima Nan kept praising our university headmaster Li Jianbao, he is really good at flattering. 
Then he pretended to be very open minded said that he was aware that some people wanted to throw things at him and invited them to throw stuff. 
Since he had not started talking, people were not ready to throw things. 
Then he promised that he would focus on making four points and leave more time for exchange. 
I was too naive to believe him. 
His talk was long, boring and full of mistakes. 
His four points were: 1. 
The party leaders have great achievements; 3. Without the party society would be in chaos; 4. 
People's democracy should not be detached from party leadership. 
In the middle of his talk, someone tried to enter the hall but was stopped by the security guards. 
The climax was unexpected. 
Sima Nan finally had enough of his talk after one and a half hours. 
The Q & A session started. 
In front of me a man dressed in orange sport wear started talking. 
His main point was about freedom and equality. 
He said: Today we don't have equality in our rights to speak. I have no freedom. 
What you have said are politically correct theories. When you are done, you go back to your hotel. 
If I argue against that I would be locked up in a tiny dark room" (This is all I can remember, sorry). 
Then Sima Nan said that it was not a question. The student then replied, "Here comes my question, can I throw my shoe?" 
Then he threw a sports shoe to the stage with determination. 
I clapped my hand without being aware of that… 
Sima Nan is a Maoist and in the past few years he has kept praising the North Korean model in China to advocate for a stricter approach to foreign policy. 
He has also propagated a lot of hate speech against liberals, accusing them of being traitors of the country. 
Many have applauded the student's courageous act, but some are also worried about the student's safety. 
Below is my pick of the online discussion : 
慕容雪村: Sima Nan calls himself an intellectual and upholds Maoist ideology. 
He has probably forgotten about the torture and insult intellectuals went though in the Mao Era - they were forced to wear tall hats and rally on the street, beaten by belts with copper locks, forced into labour on cattle farms to reflect upon their wrongs. 
Zhang Zhixin had his throat cut, Wang Shiwei was buried in a well after a secret execution. 
Lao She and Fu Lei committed suicide… Throwing shoe at him is like a reward. 
吴钩1975: Many are debating about the student's act on Weibo. 
Some clapped their hands, some criticized the student for infringing other's rights. 
We should have some consensus in understanding the nature of "throwing shoes". 
I don't agree that "throwing shoes" is an attack. 
It is just a form of protest by the weak side in a situation when the power is not equal. 
It is quite commonly seen in western countries when people throw eggs at government officials. Don't label the act. 
十年砍柴: One should not cheer for the student. 
In western countries, throwing eggs and shoes are common forms of expression and the punishment is light. 
But in China, the risk is very high. 
This time Sima Nan does not have the power to punish the student. 
But if other hot blooded students are encouraged and decide to throw shoes at those who have real authority, the price is too huge. 

Campus Divas For Rich Men is a Facebook page dedicated to hooking up female Kenyan university students under the age of 26 with rich men of any age. 
The page has used the slogan “Money can buy us.” 
After receiving coverage on Kenya’s radio stations such as Kiss 100, Hot 96 and Classic 105 as well as exclusive coverage by Standard Newspaper, Daily Nation and Kenya’s KTN and K24 television stations; netizens created the following hashtags to discuss the Facebook page and share their opinions about it: #campusdivasforirchmen, #HakunaKituUtafanya (there is nothing to do), #CandidatesBetterThanRomney, #TeamMafisi , #wordszawazito , #Kiss100 and #KOT. 
Picture of Facebook Page of Campus Divas for Rich men. 
Photo by asselo.wordpress.com 
Other netizens took to their blogs and YouTube to either condemn or support this bold move in a predominantly conservative society. 
The debate about the page has brought up issue such as social media monitoring, HIV/AIDS, religion and African customs, opportunities for Kenyan youth, poverty, greed and peer pressure among Kenyan university students. 
The page which was created on 3rd July 2012, has already garnered 50,684 ‘likes’ with 65,830 visitors talking about it. 
Kenyanlist, a Kenyan blogger, points out that: 
But Solomonirush says that the page is all but a ploy by some canny netizens to take advantage of young Kenyan students. 
The blogger reports: 
My investigations reveal that this page, and probably others of the same kind, is administrated by canny people seeking to make money. 
I have also seen other pages where dating and sex is the subject of concern, and due to the high number of likes by the audience, they charge to do advertisements on the page. 
The cunning administrators expose the young students, who are willing to adventure, into perils of sexual abuse, sexually transmitted diseases, and kidnapping. 
The social media buzz about the page has led those opposing it to create a Facebook group called Anti-Campus Divas for Rich Men. 
A Kenyan blogger, Kenya-post, reports: 
The second group, Anti-Campus Divas for Rich Men operates on contrary principles of the first one. 
As the first preaches sex, sex, sex and cash, it promotes chastity and encourages young people to abstain. 
Whereas the first group rides high with over 20,000 likes in there Facebook page, the Anti- Campus Divas for Rich Men only has 5,000. 
Other Facebook pages opposed to Campus Divas For Rich Men include Decent Divas Against “Campus Divas for Rich Men" and Dislike Campus Divas for Rich Men, Campus Divas For Broke Men With Rich Love. 
A number of Kenyans on Twitter have condemned hypocrisy over their reactions and stated that Kenyans need to vote for leaders who will increase the Higher Education Loans Board Allowance for less well off partners to be able to date the girls: 
@clansewe: To all Kenyans railing against the 'Campus Divas for Rich Men" page, stop your hypocrisy. 
We all Kenyans have put cash above everything! 
@kevoice: We will vote 4 leaders who will increase the HELB allowance so that we can be able to date Campus Divas 4 Rich Men. #TujipangeKisiasa 
@mwendembae: “@lionsroar101 So now there is a fb page called "anti-campus divas for rich men". 
Ha, I'm amused.”was bound to happen #idlers 
@thatguydavy: Campus divas for rich men......and you wonder why hurricanes are named after women! 
@mpalele: The sad part abt this Campus Divas for Rich Men is that they think 50K , coffee java and a trip 2 naivasha is the definition of a rich man. 
@rmresh: Campus Divas For Rich Men....desparation at its best.... @nochiel: @savvykenya Please be warned that the abhorrent "Campus Divas For Rich Men" page is using your old profile pic 
KTN Kenya, a television station in Kenya, used the YouTube platform to portray the Facebook page as a prostitution ring and campus students interviewed say that this is nothing out of the ordinary: 
Campus Divas For Rich Men is so far the boldest move in discussing matters involving Kenyan youth and sexuality openly in such a traditionally conservative society. 

So far, bloggers from 95 countries are ready to type with fast and fit fingers. 
For one day they will blog about one common theme creating a colorful collection of stories and reflections that will reach a collective audience of millions. 
On October 15, 2012 - it's Blog Action Day! 
Since 2007 Blog Action Day has worked to raise awareness on important issues by facilitating a yearly blog blitz. 
Through the years the event has been covered on Global Voices highlighting the issues as environment, poverty, climate change, water and food. 
This year's theme is nothing less than ‘The Power of We’. How to write about 'The power of We'? 
Photo by Maria Grabowski 
Have you ever felt the power of working together to make a positive change? 
Write about your own effort in fighting for a cause, or maybe about a group that inspires you - in short: people's joint actions to make a difference. 
You can write your entry in any language, from any country. 
Register here to join Blog Action Day 2012 for ‘The Power of We’ on October 15 and reach an audience of millions. 
Follow #BAD12 for updates on Twitter. 

After witnessing its biggest protest, the anonymous organizers of the "Dignity March" called for another one. 
Tens of thousands showed up in the areas of Mishref and Sabah Al-Salem protesting the Kuwaiti ruler's amendment of the voting law, which now allows a citizen to vote for one candidate instead of four. 
Protesters did not find the Amir's decree constitutional and believe the new law is made to play with the coming elections in December and to weaken the opposition that won most of the parliament's seats earlier this year. 
Like the previous march, Sunday's protest witnessed smoke and tear gas bombs and several arrests of protesters, who were later released. 
Who is leading the protests? 
In the past few years, protests were criticized because they were led by opposition MPs. 
Lately, the youth tried to be the leaders of those protests. This shift got bigger numbers to show up for those dignity marches. 
What is interesting though is that an anonymous Twitter account is the one deciding dates of both marches and the meeting points. 
The account @KarametWatan tweeted a message on the 24th of October to Twitter not to revel their identity to the Kuwaiti authorities: 
We the people of Kuwait ask you to protect the privacy of our account details of @karametwatan from all/any officials seeking the information of the owners and/or IP addresses of the persons using and posting from the mentioned account. 
We are responsible for the organization of a march called "Dignity of a Nation" in Kuwait, the largest ever march in the history of Kuwait calling for democracy, human rights, and fight against corruption. 
The turn-out reached over 150,000 (around 11.5% of citizens of Kuwait) that stunned the government. 
In return the government ordered their forces to attack the peaceful demonstration in a brutal manner that was never been seen before for no reason. 
Over 100 people were injured and over 50 were detained in an unlawful manner. 
We do not feel safe and your protection of our privacy is pivotal. 
In a comment on having a Twitter account organizing those major marches, Hamad Al-Sabah wrote: 
@hmalsabah: Am I the only one that is uneasy about the fact that thousands of people in #Kuwait are obeying the commands of some anonymous Twitter acct? 
Should Bahrainis support Kuwaitis? 
Considering the sectarian remarks and support of Kuwaiti opposition figures for the Bahraini regime against the February 14th revolution, the Shia of Kuwait do not want to protest next to the opposition. 
This, in result, influenced the Shia of Bahrain and started a discussion on whether Bahrainis should or should not support Kuwaiti marches. 
In comment on this topic, Bahraini Human Rights Defender Maryam AlKhawaja wrote: 
@MARYAMALKHAWAJA: yes, i support anyone with righteous demands regardless of whether they support mine or not. 
@MARYAMALKHAWAJA: there r many of whom supported the bahrain protests who r taking part in the kuwaiti protests as well. but thats not the point 
Another Bahraini activist, Ahmed Al-haddad, from the European-Bahraini Organization for Human Rights wrote : 
@DiabloHaddad: If you think you have the right to consider the Kuwaiti struggle as of Muslim Brotherhood and sectarian, then others have the right to consider yours as Shia and sectarian too. 
Other objections 
Aside from the sectarian conflict, there were others who showed objection to the current protests. 
Hamad Al-Sabah, who thinks the coming parliament can solve this crisis instead of protests, tweeted: 
@hmalsabah: Let me reiterate that I believe that the protesters have a just cause, but I don't support their methods. 
It can easily be solved peacefully 
In reply, Fawaz Al-Matroud wrote: @FawazAM: people often mistake mob rule and political freedom. 
Just because lots of people break the law together, doesn't make them right. 
@HisHersQ8: The Amir has a point when it came to illegal protests. 
Democracies all around the world stops any illegal protests 
Pictures and videos of the protest 
Crowds getting tear gassed (posted on Twitter by @Fajoor) 
Picture of security vehicles heading towards protesting points (posted by blogger alziadiq8) 
One of the protesters with her sign (posted by blogger alziadiq8) 
And this photograph, which was shared far and wide, showing a protester, helping a security personnel, who was effected by the tear-gas: 
Picture of a protester helping a security man who was effected by tear gas (posted by @AboShla5Libraly) 
Did Jordanians crackdown on Kuwaitis? 
Weeks ago, an anonymous Twitter user named Mujtahidd tweeted about Jordan sending troops to repress Kuwaiti protesters. 
The popular and controversial Twitter user got Salafi MP Walid AlTabtabai to tweet the news. 
Yesterday, in the protest, former MP and opposition frontman Musalam Al-Barrak gave a controversial speech. 
The MP was jailed last week for defaming the Amir but got released in two days due to the big protests that took place in his support. 
In this video, Al-Barrak says: "Security men are our brothers. If they beat you, do not react. But if they are Jordanian or Palestinian security men, then we will step on them." 
In reaction, Jordan's foreign ministry made a statement denying the accusations. 
The Amir's reply 

Ethiopia was among four African countries that were elected as members of the United Nations Human Rights Council on 12 November, 2012. 
Other countries that were elected for a three-year term are Argentina, Brazil, Côte d’Ivoire, Estonia, Gabon, Germany, Ireland, Japan, Kazakhstan, Kenya, Montenegro, Pakistan, the Republic of Korea, Sierra Leone, the United Arab Emirates, the United States and Venezuela. 
However, Ethiopia’s election to Human Rights Council did not go down well with most Ethiopians. 
Writing about the election the Ethiopian satirist Abe Tokichaw wrote in Amharic : 
Ethiopian blogger and journalist Eskinder Nega was sentenced to 18 years in jail with 23 other activists on On 13 July, 2012. 
Photo courtesy of FreeEskinderNega.com 
Ethiopia has been elected to be a member the United Nations Human Rights Council. 
Wait, Wait! 
Which Ethiopia? 
Which Human Right? 
Which United Nations Human Rights Council? 
Is it not worrisome that an Ethiopian sense of discomfiture is not shared by our government? 
If our government had any Ethiopian sense of discomfiture, they would have rejected when they got elected as a member the United Nations Human Rights Council! 
They would have admitted that the Ethiopian government would not fit in the Human Rights Council but our government never had an Ethiopian sense of discomfiture and accepted the membership to United Nations Human Rights Council gladly! 
They even went on to declare that the Ethiopian government has a good human right record! 
Zerihun Tesfaye, an exiled journalist and blogger, described the conundrum of Ethiopia’s election in an extended Amharic note on Facebook: 
Let me chant, I can’t, I can’t as she has forgotten my cause! 
Says a local songster. 
I find it easy to join this local songster and chant with him when we fall upon international organizations and governments who deafen their ears to our cause! 
But paradoxically, sometimes international organizations have a better understanding than Ethiopians themselves, about horrendous human right situations in Ethiopia and we feel better as we consider the international community is recognizing our great efforts. 
Sometimes we even think the international community is part of the revolution we aspire to in Ethiopia and our hearts fill with joy! 
So through journalism we used to report a lot on human rights abuse in Ethiopia. 
For instance, if we report fifty innocent Ethiopians are jailed in a famous prison called “Kality” some of the international community members correct us with more accurate number (120) of innocent prisoners including their names! 
Then we feel these people are with us and hope good things are yet to come! 
But when I heard of the news of Ethiopia’s election to the United Nations Human Rights Council last evening, the hymn of our local songster rang a bell! 
Are these intergovernmental human rights organizations trying to destroy our optimism? 
Or do they think a bad-mannered government will get better when it becomes a member of United Nations Human Rights Council? 
Nowadays I feel everybody has become politically correct to everybody! 
But the worse thing is still we need their help! 
And another concerned netizen, Yohanes Molla, wrote : 
There is a local proverb which says: A fool makes a donkey carry red meat and sends her along with a hyena! 
So the hyena will chomp through the red meat and later turn on the donkey! 
However, when I woke up this morning I could not escape this story! 
It keeps coming back to me and makes my day horrific! 
So what could better describe Ethiopia’s election to United Nations Human Rights Council other than the proverb I cited above! 
Jawar Mohammed wrote a detailed analysis of how Ethiopia secured a seat in the council. 
But Daniel Berehane disagreed with those opposing Ethiopia's membership to the council: 
I see no anomaly with Ethiopia being elected to the UN Human Rights Council. Both Ethiopia and the Council have good Constitutions. 
They both have capacity (political, financial, etc) limitations implementing it. 
Perfect match. 
Human rights groups have been criticizing Ethiopia as one of the most serious human rights violators in Africa with huge number of dissidents, activists and journalists languishing in jail. 

The reports have not been received well by some netizens. 
It was in 1896 that Ethiopian forces led by Emperor Menelik II had defeated an Italian army with better contemporary military technology at the Battle of Adwa. 
Subsequently, the victorious Emperor had brought in a range of technologies including railway to transform his country. 
For his triumph at Adwa and for his endeavor to change Ethiopia in his own ways, a statue in his honor was erected at the center of Addis Ababa called Arada. 
The statute of Emperor Menelik II in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia. 
Almost forty years later, in 1935, the Italians launched a new but a prearranged military campaign endorsed by their then belligerent leaders. 
The Italians managed to have a brief military occupation of Ethiopia but faced a staunch resistance from Ethiopians. 
Pope Abune Petros, who was among the first Popes of Ethiopian Orthodox Church, was the leading figure of the resistance in Ethiopia. 
The Italians never liked what he was doing as a patriot and tried to stop him. 
He was forced to appear before General Rodolfo Graziani to submit and declare the Ethiopian patriots as bandits. 
He refused to comply with their demand and condemned the aggressors instead. He asked Ethiopians to struggle for their freedom. Finally, the Italians executed him in public. 
As it was done with Emperor Menelik II, a statue of Abune Petros was built at the center of Addis Ababa as reminiscent of his unwavering stand for his country. 
However, unconfirmed reports are circulating online that the two iconic statues found on an historical thoroughfare might get wrecked due to an Addid Ababa rail tunnel construction project. 
The reports have not been received well by some netizens. 
The statute of Pope Abune Petros in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia. 
Daniel Kiberet, a blogger who usually write on culture, history and spirituality of Ethiopia, asks : 
Will the Addis Ababa rail lines construction destroy the statues of Emperor Menelik II & martybishop Abune Petros? 
If the answer to this question is yes, our stance for the rail lines construction would be different! 
Our development should not come at the expense of the statues of forefathers of Ethiopia who have given their life for the country! 
What we put in for development should reflect on what we already have, it should not destroy what we have. 
We might need vehicles but the vehicles should not cut off our feet. 
Whether we like it or not Ethiopia is a country with rich history and heritage and these are foundations for our survival and continuation. 
So constructing rail lines at the cost of Ethiopia’s iconic figures is like going to a barber shop for hair cut after amputating one’s head! 
The project group should think thrice before they decide to demolish these statutes. 
Destroying a figure of a man who had built the first railway in Ethiopia a century ago to construct rail lines is a complete sarcasm! 
Abush Zekaryas relates an incident related to the recent controversy, which erupted in Italy after a small town east of Rome built a memorial to a Fascist military leader, General Rodolfo Graziani, using public funds. 
While some Italians built a memorial to a Fascist military leader, there is a rumor that Ethiopians are set to demolish the iconic statues of Menelik II and Abune Petros! 
What an irony - this is the difference and this is the progress! 
And Aderegen, an anonymous group of bloggers, posted on their blog : 
What we are asking is “Why are these kinds of projects not preplanned? 
Why are the statues and historical places of our forefathers who have contributed a lot for Ethiopia not given due emphasis during planning? 
Or is there a conspiracy against Ethiopia’s history? 
However, pro-government media, Fana Broadcasting Corporate, has a self contradictory story on their website denying the iconic statues will be demolished for rail lines construction! : 
The rail lines will be contracted without doing any damage to the statues. 
However, as the Addis Ababa rail tunnel project passes through the iconic thoroughfare it will momentarily dig up the Abune Petros statue and it will not get anywhere near the statue of Menelik II. 
All the rumors revolving around this are baseless. 
This is the second time in a year that the Ethiopian government has sparked controversy involving a statue. 
Kwame Nkrumah's statue, which was unveiled at the African Union (AU) headquarters, which was built with help of the Chinese government, has also sparked anger amongst Ethiopians as many Ethiopians feel that the country's former leader Haile Selassie also deserved recognition. 

It has been three months since Meles Zenawi, the late Ethiopian Prime Minister, was formally declared dead at the age of 57 after months of speculation as to his whereabouts. 
However, Meles Zenawi’s ghost shows no sign of loosening its grip over Ethiopians, through his portraits in the streets of Addis Ababa and almost all major cities, towns and rural villages. 
As his legacy continues to be discussed in various international mainstream media, Ethiopians have been taking to social media sites such as Facebook and Twitter to reflect on his legacy. 
Discussing unpleasant facts of Zenawi's legacy, Kirubel Teshome wonders why many Ethiopians fail to put Meles Zenawi’s legacy in context on the ground. 
Portrait of the late Meles Zenawi at Meskel Square in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia. 
Photo courtesy of Endalk, used with permission. 
I used to wonder about people who bitterly hate Genet Zewde while she was a minister of Education and love Meles, People who hate Bereket Simon and admire Meles, those who detest Ethiopian Television and have kind word for Meles, those who despise Ethiopian Telecom and adore Meles. 
Now that he is dead and we are told that he has been the thinker and doer of all the undertakings the country does the past two decades, can you at least have the decency to get of them and blame the man who is behind all these degenerations and denounce the legacy he built? 
If he takes all the praise to himself, should he not be entitled to solely take all the blame as well? 
On one of major unpleasant chapters in Zenawi's legacy, Abiye Teklemariam writes: 
An Ethiopian court just convicted Bekele Garba, Olbana Lellisa and others of committing acts of terrorism. 
This is the country we have, this is the country we have! 
I am sure many of the people who were singing the praises of our late PM immediately after his death doesn’t even know who these people are. 
However, some consider Meles Zenawi a visionary leader and believe that his legacy should be maintained. In a Facebook post, Jossy Romanat recounts a conversation he had about the legacy of Meles Zenawi with his friend: A Sunday conversation between Me and My Friend (MF). 
MF: Do you think PM. 
Meles Zenawi was a great leader? 
ME: Yes indeed! 
He was a great leader and probably the best Ethiopia has seen so far. 
However, this doesn’t mean he wasn’t irreplaceable, as you always believe. MF:- If you think PM. 
Meles was a great leader, do you support the idea of naming different institutions after his name? 
Like the “renaissance dam” to be named “Meles Zenawi dam” and his image to be featured on the 100 Birr bill ? 
ME: - There is no problem with naming things after a great leader at all. 
For example, I was happy to see that Mekelle University named its new camps in Quiha as “Meles Zenawi Institute of Technology” I also heard the same story from Jigjiga University. 
And then, it seems many Universities, offices, towns and villages are busy naming whatever thing they have after Meles. 
It sounds like they are in completion as to who wins the “game” of the day well, and this could go beyond the limit. 
For example, yesterday I heard that one of the oldest high schools in Tigray (which was named after one of the past Ethiopian heroes) has been changed to “Meles Zenawi high school” – If this is true, it is ridiculous and disrespecting PM. Meles. 
Besides, don’t we have other local heroes who should be recognized at the local level, at least? 
Can’t we just give whatever we want for the new ones and keep the old ones as they are. 
Regarding the renaissance dam, well I believe it is appropriate to name the dam after Meles as it is believed to be one of his ambitious plans and had full energy and commitment for its accomplishment. 
But then, I fear that this could be against Meles’s belief because when he decided to name the dam “renaissance dam” he probably had a good reason for that. 
But still completely in support of the idea of “Meles Zenawi Dam”. 
As to featuring Meles’s image on any of the Ethiopia banknotes/bills, I do not think it is a good idea. 
The Ethiopian ruling party, EPRDF, has had to endure an endless censure for using the name and pictures of Meles Zenawi to unite the country under his vision. 
However, some people feel that the party is abusing the late leader to the maximum. 
In an open memo, Kirubel Teshome asks the widow of Meles Zenawi to stop cheap adoration of her dead husband: 
Open memo to W/ro Azeb Mesfin: Can you please, please, please, tell the Addis Ababa .A city administration to stop violating the wish of the late PM. You openly told Ethiopians and the world that Meles was not a kind of person that indulges individual fame or cult. 
You revealed how he would have disliked to see all this images of him being a wall paper of the city. 
I am sure, by now, you may have noticed how the city administration have been relentless in advancing against his legacy by painting the town with pictures of the late PM. 
I wonder why they don"t wish to let him have peace at least on his death? 
It is also against his legacy to see cleaner and greener Addis. 
Can you please call for the immediate collection of his images from the walls, fences and buildings of Addis? 
It would be a favor that the people of Addis will not forget! 
Since his death, the late prime minister has been praised for the economic growth Ethiopia has claimed to have recorded over the past two decades. 
By the same token, he has also been criticized for jailing political activists and journalists, using vaguely defined terrorism offenses. 




Ethiopians across the world are celebrating TeamEthiopia, their national Soccer team, who fought a hard draw against defending champions Zambia in the 2013 Africa Cup of Nations in Nelspruit, South Africa. 
Besides the beauty of the Ethiopian game and the composure the players showed after a long absence from the AFCON tournament, Ethiopian politics was at the centre of online discussion. 
Ethiopian fans in the stadium displayed various placards and flags representing different political interests. 
Ethiopian Muslims protest the Ethiopian Government while supporting the Ethiopian Team in South Africa at The Cup of African Nations 2013. 
From the Awolia School Support Page Facebook Page 
In a bid to create a sense of deja vu for Ethiopians the blog Addis Rumble published a few historical photos from old AFCON tournaments in which Ethiopia had participated. 
In the pictorial post titled, The Ethiopian comeback it wrote: 
This week Ethiopia is making a surprise comeback at the 2013 Cup of Nations in South Africa after knocking out neighboring rivals Sudan through an aggregate 5-5 draw in the final qualification round. 
In the days after the qualification was secured in October last year, Addis seemed like a transformed city. 
Previously you would hardly notice any football celebrations in the cityscape (other than of the usual English Premier League teams) but following the qualification most of the capital’s blue taxis and mini-buses – usually the best way of distilling public opinion – started displaying posters of the national team with a ‘Yes We Can’ text added. 
The occasion was also packed with interesting Ethiopian political tidbits. 
Mohamed Ademo, a blogger based in New York wrote on Facebook about how different groups stood behind one team despite their variation on the political and cultural spectrum: 
Sport brings people together. 
The cheerful Oromo crowd in South Africa today is a good example of that. 
In the states, rarely do we see both sides (Oromo and other Ethiopians) cheering for the same team. 
We have separate sporting tournaments and federations. 
For Ethiopia's football fans in South Africa, the choice today was between OLF flag, the defacto Oromo flag, and the EPRDF (Ethiopia's ruling party) flag. 
As you have said so eloquently, whether the Oromo and non-Oromo fans of Team Ethiopia displayed different flags didn't matter. They both supported one team. 
For far too long, at international sporting events and bazaars, a monolithic image of Ethiopia have been presented to the world. 
An Ethiopia with 3000 years of history that is still a christian island, has one flag, and speaks only Amharic. 
But in reality, Ethiopia is a truly diverse nation with divergent aspirations and historical experiences. 
As a result, contending national sentiments (isms) have emerged. 
Under previous Ethiopian regimes, for example, the use of Afan Oromo in public spaces and government offices was banned. 
In EPRDF's Ethiopia, while linguistic and cultural rights are - at least in theory - respected, wearing or displaying an OLF flag amounts to an act of terrorism. 
What you saw today (the bitching and moaning about Oromo flag from those who still want to control the narrative of Ethiopia) is an extension of that false sense of unity. 
I concur with you that, at the absence of "national" consensus, the way forward is to recognize our differences and respect people's rights to identify however they see fit. 
In the same vein, our Oromo activists should also stop pouncing on every chance to question the nationalism of those who are passionate football fans - and chose to look beyond politics. 
All the while, it's imperative to stay civil and use this opportune moment to ask: who is Ethiopian, what's the Ethiopian identity, does the EPRDF flag represent the aspirations of the diverse people of Ethiopia, does waving OLF flag automatically make one a secessionist, why do Oromos love the OLF flag, why are non-Oromo Ethiopians so scared of assertive Oromo nationalism etc. 
Shared by Ermias M Amare on Facebook 
On Twitter, under the hashtags of #TeamEthiopia and #Eritrea, there was also a great deal of discussion about sport and politics! 
Kweschn Media tweeted: 
While #Zambia's fans waved only 1 flag, #Ethiopia's side had more than 2 flags. 
But for Zerihun it would have been great for Eritreans if Eritrea was still a part of Ethiopia. 
Mentioning the alleged failed coup attempt by Eritrean rebel soldiers, he tweeted: 
If you hadn't been allowed to secede, you could have enjoyed the game with us :) #Ethiopia makes fun of today's #Eritrea Coup #TeamEthiopia 
Ethiopia will face Burkina Faso in the second match of group C of the AFCON tournament while Zambia will play Nigeria. 
The 2013 Africa Cup of Nations, also known as the Orange Africa Cup of Nations, is 'the' football championship of Africa organized by the Confederation of African Football (CAF). 
This is the 29th Africa Cup of Nations, and is being held from 19 January to 10 February 2013. 

What is it like to be a student at the Indigenous University of Venezuela ? 
Three students from the department of edu-communication recently took part in a workshop led by Rising Voices in order to learn how to take better digital photographs and how to upload and share them on the internet 
These three students are part of an effort to showcase this unique university designed to provide an intercultural and experimental form of education to students from Venezuela's indigenous communities. 
By accessing the university's satellite connection, which was provided by the government program called Infocentros , the students are able to access the internet to share images of activities, facilities, and the stunning nature that surrounds the 2,000-hectare campus located in the state of Bolívar. 
To read more about the university and the workshop held in February 2013, please read the post on the Rising Voices blog. 
These are some of the photographs taken by the students and uploaded to the university's Flickr account. 
Click on the photograph to visit the original photograph. 
A typical hut-like structure called a "churuata" where the students gather for meetings and other group activities. 
Photo by Akaneto. A mural of "Kiwxi" an indigenous leader assassinated in Brazil and whose image adorns the inside wall of the churuata. Photo by Akaneto. 
Symbols used as marking during traditional activities and during communal work. 
It can also be used as protection from bad spirits. Photo by Wadaana. 
Photo by Kuranicha. 
Photo by Kuranicha. 
Portrait of Jedewanadi from the Ye'kwana indigenous community. 
Photo by Wadaana. 
More photographs can be found here. 

Rosie Alves is a young Angolan blogger and "cronista" living in Luanda. 
The crónica is a Portuguese writing form that is very suited to blogging - originally published in newspapers, they are tales, sometimes true and sometimes fictionalized, that convey a point or a conceit in a very short form. In her blog "Sweet Cliché", Alves writes short tales, often about love and intimate encounters. 
(Blogspot warns readers of the adult nature of her blog). Here's an excerpt from her most popular recent post "Matei o meu amor" - "I killed my love": 
I like to write narrative crónicas - that are sometimes made up only of dialogue. They come very close to short stories. 
They are more committed to daily events, that is, banal, common events. 
I like to mix things up and explore new territory. 
GV: When did you start blogging? 
Why do you write? 
I decided to blog in 2010. 
Writing calms me. 
Every time I write, I feel that I am taking a load off of my shoulders. 
And my tongue (lol). 
For me, it is the best therapy. 
GV: You write quite a bit about love, intimacy, and sex. 
How are these topics dealt with by Angolan society? Are they taboo? 
Is there erotic literature in Angola? 
Angolan society is quite conservative in what relates to these themes. 
(This explains why, after Spain, Angola is the country that least visits my blog.) There are many taboos in Angola. 
In the old days, we could say that it was a question of conservatism. 
Now with all of the transformations ongoing in our society, I see no reason for taboos. 
I don't know of any erotic literature in Angola (at least published and distributed). 
The closest to this that I've read was the work of the poet Paula Tavares 'Ritos de Passagem' (Rites of Passage). 
I am used to hearing people say that Angolan society is not prepared for this kind of topic. 
That's true, it is not. 
And at the rate things are going, it will never be... 
GV: Can you tell us what it is like to be a young woman in Luanda? 
It hasn't been easy, here there is much discrimination and disrespect for women. 
At four years old, I really wanted to read a storybook that my dad gave me, so he took me to a tutor who helped me read and write before I went to primary school. 
I would go there every day, with my backpack on my back. 
Even up until now, they were the most beautiful moments I've lived. 
GV: How would you describe your generation in Angola? 
My generation is living through great changes. 
It is a very able generation, full of dreamers and people with a lot of potential. 
Too bad few really know their own . 
On the other hand, we're very competitive, we cannot see those around us and come together for the same cause. 
Few know the meaning of the words union and solidarity. 
We have more access to information, and even so we act as though we live in the stone age. 
In Angola, there's the phrase "a young person who does not party is not a young person." Youth today only wants to party. Without generalizing, because of course there are exceptions. 
GV: Do you fit into a larger blogging scene in Angola? 
I think so. 
I have online peers, the Angolan blogosphere grows by the day. 
It is where we converse, trade ideas, and experiences. 
And not just there, I have peers in other countries around the world. 
What should I call him?- Call him love." 
GV: Tell us about your writing process. 
What are your greatest challenges? 
Generally, I pick up my mobile and I begin to write and in less than two hours, I finish. Sometimes I spend two weeks developing a text, and it even really frustrates me. 
One of my great challenges, if not the only, is to make the reader find himself/herself in what I write, and I can say that I have achieved that based on the feedback I receive. 
GV: Who are your readers, do you know? 
How do people react to what you write? 
I can say that many people read it. 
With that I mean: all ages groups, in the most diverse group of countries. 
It is strange, but according to the statistics, the country that most visits my blog is the US. 
There are those who have told me they read via Google Translator. 
The majority congratulates me, gives me suggestions, and encourages me to carry on. 
Obviously there are always those who do not like it or take it the wrong way, I've even been challenged by someone telling me that I should take care with what I write. 
GV: What are your aspirations for the future? 
I am a person full of dreams, and if I start to recount all of my aspirations here, I will not even finish today. 
But one of them, and really special, is to become a cronista in a newspaper or a magazine. 
It would be fantastic. 

A public service announcement promoting condom use to combat the spread of HIV and other diseases in Kenya was recently pulled from the airwaves after the TV spot caused an uproar among the country's religious leaders. 
The advert, which shows a woman advising her married friend to use a condoms while engaging in an extramarital affair, was sponsored by Kenya's health ministry and foreign assistance agencies USAid and UKAid. 
The United Nations estimates about 1.6 million people out of the country's population of 41.6 million are living with HIV. 
Christian and Muslim clergy condemned the advert as encouraging infidelity. 
Despite the advert being pulled from TV, it is still available on YouTube: 
The Squared Factor blogger called the public service announcement "spot on" in a post titled "Sikio la kufa halisikii Condom" . 
The title, which loosely translates to "a dying ear does not respond to a condom", is a play on the proverb "a dying ear does not respond to medication": 
I will not beat around this bush. 
And I frown at those clamoring for the recent TV ad titled weka condom mpangoni , to be withdrawn from the airwaves. 
The message of this particular ad has unexpectedly tugged at the hem of society’s skirt: if you can’t abstain or commit to one partner, then use a condom if you care about your loved ones. 
Caring in this context alluding to avoiding pre marital pregnancies, and contracting STI’s- among them HIV and the related adverse effects it has on the family and society at large. 
Kenyans took to Twitter to discuss the TV spot under the #CondomMpangoni hashtag, with many coming out on both sides of the argument. 
"victor-MUFC" (‏@victorbmc) wrote that he didn't like the advert: 
‏@victorbmc: That ad is nasty RT @MacOtani: Wow so now that the #CondomMpangoni advert has been removed from our screens we are safe huh?! #SwalaNyeti 
Mathias Ndeta (‏@MNdeta) told Kenyans who are against the spot to face up to the truth: 
‏@MNdeta: In my opinion the #CondomMpangoni ad should stay put, those against it are just pretenders, let's face the reality. 
"z' Ghost Buster" (‏@TheMumBi) warned: 
‏@TheMumBi: We stick our heads in the sand too much. 
Amen to the #CondomMpangoni ad ..got us talking about stuff we avoid talking about. 
Paul (‏@M45Paul) argued that the decision to pull the advert ended up promoting it even more: 
‏@M45Paul: Banning #CondomMpangoni ad is getting it more airtime that it'd have got in normal runs. 
"Pastor Wa" (‏@Pastor_Wa) advised: 
‏@Pastor_Wa: And for everyone that watches that ad, your heart must be provoked enough to say, 'I'm better than this' #CondomMpangoni 
"Kizzy K*" (‏@boobykizzy) asked: 
‏@boobykizzy: #condommpangoni =>what happend to dignity, morals and the likes? should media be blamed? should we address this issue? 
Finally, "AverageKenyan" (‏@AverageKenyan) noted: 
‏@AverageKenyan: #Condommpangoni, we are not in denial, the complex African matrix doesn't support public declaration of infidelity however much it's a reality 

Several opposition leaders were arrested in Djibouti, a small, but strategically important country in the Horn of Africa, after demonstrations which followed the February 22, 2013 general elections. 
The elections saw yet another victory for the party in power, the People's Rally for Progress. 
President Ismail Omar Guelleh, who has ruled since 1999, received 80% of votes cast, leading to allegations of fraud on a massive scale. 
The arrests followed the demonstrations about allegations of massive fraud . 
According to the Djiboutian League of Human Rights organisation and the International Federation of Human Rights, 90 people were retained in the famously tough Gabode Central Prison. 
Arrests were still continuing at the time of writing, April 2013. 
Spokesperson for opposition party Union for National Salvation, Daher Ahmed Farah, was sentenced to two months in the same closed prison for calling for rebellion after the election results were announced. 
The following video shows fighting in the streets between opposition demonstrators and the police (via Dillipress): 
Elections in Djibouti have still not resulted in a real political alternative for power. 
Ismaïl Omar Gelleh has been president of the republic since April 9, 1999, and his ideologically conservative party, the People's Rally for Progress, has been in power since the country gained independence. 
James Schneider from Think Africa Press has always believed that the elections only gave the appearance of democracy: 
His most recent re-election, in 2011, came after he changed the constitution to be allowed to run for a third time; the vote took place without election observers and Guelleh won practically unopposed after the opposition withdrew citing harassment and the unfair nature of the poll Guelleh’s illusion will have worked, at least in the short term: he will still have power but now with the veneer of a parliamentary opposition. 
Indeed, many people have much to gain from the electoral illusion. 
But sadly, this group is unlikely to include most ordinary Djiboutians. 
After all, you cannot improve freedom, development and wellbeing with illusions alone. 
The party in power is contesting these allegations of fraud. 
Abdi Ismail Hersi, head of the independent National Electoral Commission, has stated that the elections took place in a transparent manner. 
The citizens of Djibouti were able to carry out their civic duties in total transparency. 
On its facebook page , the opposition party reported that arrests of opposition members were still continuing in the city of Arhiba: 
Djibouti may be a country few in the West know about, yet Western foreign policymakers have placed disproportionate emphasis upon the tiny nation as a strategic base for their operations in the Horn of Africa – particularly in combating piracy and the militant Islamists al-Shabaab in Somalia. 
Perhaps understandably, considering the higher profile crises on its doorstep, the West has treated Djibouti as little more than a tool in its arsenal – as a military base, launch pad for drone strikes, or venue for regional diplomacy – rather than a situation worth addressing in its own right. 

A man dressed in a red dress with a veil on his head was paraded by security forces through the streets of Marivan in the Kurdistan province of Iran on Monday, April 15, 2013. 
A local court decided this would be the punishment for three men, reportedly found guilty in domestic disputes. 
The exact circumstances are unclear, but the mere idea of this punishment has angered many. 
Women in Marivan held a protest against the sentence on Tuesday, saying it is more humiliating to women than it is to the convicted men. 
According to one human rights activist, security forces physically attacked protesters . 
A video shows women marching through the streets. Shared on the Facebook page 'Kurd Men For Equality' 
Online, several Kurdish men have photographed themselves dressed as women as part of a Facebook campaign to say, "Being a woman is not an instrument to punish or humiliate anybody." 
The photos appear on a Facebook page named Kurd Men for Equality. 
To show my solidarity and support to the "womanhood" and their suffers and torments during the history mostly have done by "men" . as we have faced recently a stupid judge"s order to punish a person by putting on him the feminine customs, so it is one of the times that we should gather around each other and condemn this stupidity, brutality and inhumanity against the womanhood; the half of society as well as at least half of the human being on the earth. 
I am supporting womanhood by the at least I can do for them. 
The Facebook page of the Women's Association of Marivan also condemned the act and wrote : 
Security forces dragged a convicted Marvani’s man in the city. 
They dressed him as a woman and wished by this act to humiliate him. 
The Women's Association of Marivan condemn this action and consider it an insult to women. 
Kurdish women protested against this act . 
Mohmmad Mostafai, an Iranian lawyer and human rights defender says 
Iran’s judiciary has no right to order such punishment which goes against human dignity. 
Dressing convicts like women is not something you can find in the laws of the Islamic Republic. 
History repeats itself 
More than three years ago, Iranian authorities attempted to use the same method of humiliation against a student activist, but failed. 
Back then, Iranian authorities claimed that Majid Tavakoli dressed as a woman to escape after delivering a speech in Tehran on Student Day. 
However, human rights activists in Iran published a report from an eyewitness saying: “All the pictures published by the state media are false and a clear use of immoral means against student and civil activists in Iran.” 
At the time, hundreds of Iranian men photographed themselves dressed as women in hijab to support Tavakoli. 


Today, October 26, was the day Saudi activists chose to protest against the driving ban on women in the Kingdom. 
As social networks were buzzing under increasing number of reports of women driving across the country, a brilliant a capella remake of Bob Marley's "No Woman, No Cry" spread at the speed of light, in a sound support of brave women challenging conservative sexist legislation and pseudo-scientific justification of them being prohibited to enjoy freedom of movement: 


Commander Keith Alexander on the bridge" Cartoon shared by DonkeyHotey (CC BY-SA 2.0) 
The Web We Want invites cartoonists, creatives and artists to join The Day We Fight Back on February 11, 2014 by creating an original cartoon about online surveillance and the right to privacy. 
The cartoons should help increase awareness about the NSA and demand accountability for mass digital surveillance in a way that makes people want to click and share. 
Deadline for submissions is February 8. 
Prizes: 
1st place: USD $1000 
2nd place: USD $500 
3rd Place: USD $250 
Rules: 
1. 
Anyone can participate. 
2. 
There is no limit of submissions per author. 
3. 
The Author will provide a name or pseudonym to the submission. 
Further personal details will be requested for the winners – but their real name will remain private upon request of the author. 
4. 
The winners will be announced on February 11, 2014. 
The winner will be picked by members of the Web We Want Executive Committee. 
5. 
The award will be transferred to the winners within 30 days after the announcement. 
Submissions: 
1. 
By email: send your cartoon – high definition, .jpg, .pdf, .svg or .png to 
2. 
By Twitter: Tweet your uploaded image to @webwewant with the hashtag #webwewant 
3. 
Adding your nationality and country of origin is optional but highly encouraged. 

Blogging Ghana's proposed Social Media Hub. 
Photo used with permission. 
Internet penetration in Ghana is about 14 percent and has been on the up and up for the last decade as more Ghanaians, especially young people, have hooked up to the web. 
As a result, the number of Ghanaians on various social media platforms is also increasing rapidly, and some now see a need for a physical social media hub to facilitate the activities of the many people who use social media or want to learn about it. 
Enter Blogging Ghana, the country's largest organization of bloggers and social media enthusiasts with more than 100 members. 
The group launched a campaign on January 20, 2014 to establish Ghana's first ever social media hub, explaining on their website: 
A physical meeting place, a hub, will go a long way to provide a platform for the experienced bloggers in the organisation to train students and professionals on how to use blogging for creating #MoreStories and use social media to advance their agenda as citizens in Ghana. 
Africa on the Blog, a multi-author blog by people of African heritage, which is supported by Babs Saul and Sarah Arrow, explained the history of blogging in Ghana: 
The blogging and social media scene in Ghana has improved in the last five years. 
The West African country has seen the number of bloggers in the country grow from just a handful in 2005 to several hundreds this year. 
This trend was facilitated by a bold step taken by a Swedish blogger who had moved to Ghana some five years ago. 
Kajsa Hallberg Adu who is now the Chair of Ghana’s biggest association of bloggers brought all the bloggers who were active online under one roof to discuss their passion. 
With time, this small group of internet users decided to introduce blogging and the use of social media tools to many other people who may be interested but just didn’t know how. 
This selfish desire to spread such knowledge lead to what has today become the nation’s biggest blogging and social media event. 
Edward Amartey-Tagoe, the director of corporate services at Blogging Ghana, also recounted how things were half a decade ago: 
Some five years ago, there were only a handful of bloggers in Ghana, since then, bloggers and Internet enthusiasts have been organised under one umbrella body to build capacity, learn and share ideas from one another. 
Today, we are an influential organisation with a yearly event and awards ceremony who produce local content online on blogs and on various social media channels. 
We want to share our skills and create #morestories! 
ENews Ghana published the campaign on their website: 
Bloggers in Ghana are creating Ghana’s first Social Media hub for bloggers and social media enthusiasts to meet, interact and share more local content from and we think it will make a great feature on GOOD. 
Social Media is growing in Ghana and we (Blogging Ghana) has over the past 5 years been a leader in Ghana. 
In 2012, with funding from USAID, UKAID, EU & DANIDA, we used social media to cover Ghana’s elections; raising awareness of the issues and empowering politicians and citizens. 
We also in 2013 organised Ghana’s first social media awards which was huge success. 
We want to do more and get more Ghanaians to use social media to tell their stories. 
We want to overcome the internet and power challenges bloggers face. 
We have therefore launched a crowdfunding campaign to create a haven/hub with a co-blogging space to and create the much needed local content. 
It makes sense for a social media organization to use our online network and do crowd-sourcing to fulfill our dreams. 
We think Ghana in ready for a meeting place for social media enthusiasts and we cannot wait to create #morestories about Ghana for the world to read! 
Award-winning blogger Macjordan (@Macjordan) expressed his support for the social media hub on his blog: 
BloggingGhana is pleased to launch an Indiegogo campaign towards the creation of a Social Media Hub in Ghana for bloggers and citizen journalists to be trained in Social Media and increase local content creation. 
BloggingGhana – Ghana’s largest community/network of bloggers, citizen journalists and social media enthusiasts is reaching out to all and sundry to chip-in and support this worthy cause. 
I’m very pleased and honored to be a part of this organization and would appreciate your support in any way. 

Are languages free? 
Today is the International Mother Language Day, an annual event in UNESCO member states to promote linguistic and cultural diversity and multilingualism. 
This is mostly the international recognition of the Language Movement Day called ‘Ekushey February', which is commemorated in Bangladesh since 1952. 
The date of 21st February was chosen in homage to a number of 'language martyrs' from Bangladesh (then East Pakistan) who were shot on 21st February 1952 in Dhaka, during public protest. 
They were demonstrating to establish their mother language Bangla as a national language along with Urdu, which was chosen as the sole official language in the then newly created Pakistan. 
Photo: Shaheed Minar, a solemn and symbolic sculpture erected in the place of the massacre. 
The monument is the symbol of Bangladesh Nationalism. 
How important is the mother language? 
Our mother tongue is more than a language, a soul inside us. 
It is an armory of the human mind; an archive of the history. 
We invent the world through language. 
Mrunalini feats her mother tongue Telugu: 
“How sweet our languages are, how proud they make us. 
How much we miss talking in our mother tongue. 
Especially, when we are away from it.” 
Ripon Kumar Biswas in Bangladesh watchdog says: 
“Mother tongue is the language of nature, which is intimately related to the individual because it is structured and upheld by local laws of nature, which structure the physiology of the individual.” 
But it is even more than that. 
"One does not inhabit a country; one inhabits a language. 
That is why some times we see nationalism sparking in the world based on languages and language matters! 
The freedom of languages in the world: 
Thousands of local languages used as the daily means of expression are absent from education systems, the media, publishing and the public domain in general because of state policies. 
We learn better in our mother tongue when it is taught in school (Mother tongue Dilemma –UNESCO News letter). 
But this is not the case of all minority languages. 
476 million of world’s illiterate people speak minority languages and live in countries where children are mostly not taught in their mother language. 
From Southern Azerbaijan under Iranian rule BayBak, Voice of a Nation says: 
“It is more than 80 years that Iranian Fars authority has banned other nationalities language, such as Turks (majority in Iran), Arabs, Baluchs, Turkmens and Kurds. 
Every year in 21st of February all nationalities celebrate the International Mother Language Day named by UNESCO. 
But as before, of the day of celebration Iranian police will ride on the crowd and will arrest many. 
Regarding news from Southern Azerbaijan, preparations for the 21st of February are continuing widely compare to last year. 
Also thousands of flyers been spread in Azerbaijan’s major cities. 
Capital Tebriz has been well prepared and the time for demonstration been set.” 
The Unesco Courier: 
Several thousand years old, the Ainu language spoken in northern Japan was dying out due to political pressure from the central government. 
At the end of the 20th century, this trend was reversed. 
While Ainu’s future is still not guaranteed because it isn’t taught in schools, the resurgence of interest is undeniable. 
Sid writes in Picked Politics: 
“International Mother Language Day deserves celebration in Zambia. 
The country has worked hard to establish and maintain political unity over the years. 
But as other societies are learning too late, it would be a tragedy if this hard-fought unity should be maintained at the expense of the variety of languages and dialects that have long called these lands home.” 
Is your mother tongue facing extinction? 
About 27 percent of the world's languages (about 6000) are threatened to be extinct. 
The Foundation for Endangered Languages says 83 percent of the world's languages are restricted to single countries, making them more vulnerable to the policies of a single government. 
Abhinaba Basu at Geek Gyan says: 
"A lot of people speaking English natively forget the importance of mother language due to its predominance. 
They take their language for granted. 
However, each year a bunch of languages become extinct, the latest being Eyak, which got extinct exactly a month ago with the death of Marie Smith Jones the last native Eyak speaking person. 
I believe that if we don't actively try to preserve our mother language they will slowly become extinct. 
One of the most important things to preserve a language is to ensure that they are better covered by technology.” 
Using ICT in Mother Language advocacy: 
Citizen media is a great tool to promote own languages. 
According to Technorati there are more than 100 million blogs out there. 
A previous year’s report show that about 37% blogs are in Japanese followed by English (36%), Chinese (8%), Spanish(3%), Italian (3%), Portuguese (2%), French(2%) among others. 
And there are other growing language communities and they will rise eventually. 
There are ICT based advocacy sites like Bisharat which promotes research, advocacy, and networking relating to use of African languages in software and web content. 
Global Voices Online also supports and promotes the diversity of languages. 
Now that is one example many international online media may want to follow to secure meaningful transfer of information to global readers. 
Thumbnail: UNESCO poster 


Ethiopians marked April Fools’ Day on Twitter with a steady stream of fake news headlines that imitated the "lies" of state-owned Ethiopian Television (ETv), the only national TV station in the African country. 
Using the hashtag #ETvDay, netizens accused ETv of "telling lies 365 days". 
It all started with the image below: 
By @jomanex pic.twitter.com/8hMK76uWS8 — BefeQadu Z Hailu™ (@befeqe) March 31, 2014 
Jomanex noted in Amharic: 
Customizing: April Fools’ is for foreigners. 
The disputed 2005 Ethiopian election ended in street protests, with 193 people killed and more that 30,000 people detained by security forces. 
In 2010, the election ended in a landslide victory for the incumbent Ethiopian People's Revolutionary Democratic Front, taking 99.6 percent of parliamentary seats. 
The opposition rejected the results and international observers said the election fell short of international standards. 
Apparently, Ethiopia will meet one of its Millennium Development Goals - a set of development goals agreed upon at the United Nations' Millennium Summit in 2000 - in record time: 
Sources revealed that Ethiopia will provide a supply of clean water before the Millennium Development Goals deadline 
Gulelle sub-city residents who couldn't get drinking water for the past 20 days said they were not affected because they had been given training on how to live without water. 
On the Crimea referendum, in which that region of Ukraine overwhelmingly voted to be annexed by Russia: 
Some residents of Adama said that Russia’s annexation of Crimea won’t affect the Growth and Transformation plan of Ethiopia. 
Mahlet categorized news into two types: 
There is news and there is ETV news. #ETvDay — Mahlet (@Mahlet_S) April 1, 2014 
BefeQadu added: 
Using the Ethiopian Tourism Commission’s former motto, ‘13 months of sunshine’, Saleh said: 13 months of sunshine & 13 months of government lies on a state-owned TV station. #ETvDay = April the fool @BBCAfrica @AJStream — saleh (@2zworld) April 1, 2014 
How many days does ETv own a year?: 
In response to allegations by activists that today is #ETVday, ETV announced today is the only day of the year that it does not own. #April1 — Bon Bon (@BonayaBonso) April 1, 2014 
Oromo Network's wished: 

Free Zone9 Tumblr collage. Images used with permission. Join Global Voices bloggers for a worldwide, multilingual tweetathon in support of the ten bloggers and journalists facing terrorism charges in Ethiopia. 
The Global Voices community and our network of allies are demanding justice for these men and women, all of whom have worked hard to expand spaces for social and political commentary in Ethiopia through blogging and journalism. We believe their arrest is a violation of their universal right to free expression, and that the charges filed against them are unjust. 
Until then, and beyond, they will need all the support they can get. So this Thursday, we as a global community of bloggers, writers, activists, and social media experts will share this message around the world, tweeting in our native languages at community leaders, government and diplomatic officials, and mainstream media to draw public attention to the case. 
Six of the detained bloggers in Addis Ababa. 
Photo used with permission. 
#FreeZone9Bloggers: A Tweetathon Demanding the Release of Jailed Ethiopian Bloggers 
Date: Thursday, July 31, 2014 
Hashtag: #FreeZone9Bloggers 
Add your name and Twitter handle to our community planning sheet. 
Blogger arrests in #Ethiopia violate the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights #FreeZone9Bloggers http://bit.ly/1g1MUNM 
Tweet until your fingers hurt and demand justice for the Zone9 bloggers! 

Zone9 members together in Addis Ababa, 2012. 
Photo used with permission. 
This post was jointly published with the World Policy Journal blog. 
The international human rights system is broken – or perhaps it never worked at all. 
In case after case, citizens’ human rights are violated under the national laws of their respective countries, despite the existence of international human rights commitments in the United Nations’ Universal Declaration, and by the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe, the Organization of American States, the African Commission, and others. 
The International Criminal Court has little say concerning any but the most egregious of international human rights violations, and member states have wide latitude to dispense justice as they see fit. 
For those who live in countries that fail to provide or enforce their own laws protecting freedom of expression, international principles have rarely provided actual recourse. 
Today, this is the case with the independent Ethiopian blogger collective known as Zone9. 
In April of this year, the government of Ethiopia arrested six members of Zone9 along with three affiliated journalists in Addis Ababa. 
They were held for months without a formal charge and were denied the ability to communicate. 
Testimony from Befeqadu Hailu, one of the accused bloggers who was smuggled out of prison in August, as well as statements in court, allege mistreatment and frequent beatings. 
Informally, the nine were held on accusations of “working with foreign organizations that claim to be human rights activists and…receiving finance to incite public violence through social media.” 
In July, the Zone9 prisoners were charged under Ethiopia’s Anti-Terrorism Proclamation of 2009 for receiving support from political opposition organizations, defined formally by the government as terrorists, and receiving training from international activists in email encryption and data security from the Tactical Technology Collective, a group that helps journalists and activists protect themselves from digital surveillance. 
The Zone9 bloggers joined other media outlets targeted under similar laws, including Eskinder Nega, who had reported on recent Arab uprisings and the possibility of similar uprisings taking place in Ethiopia. 
He was arrested and charged with the “planning, preparation, conspiracy, incitement and attempt” of terrorism and sentenced to 18 years in prison. 
International appeals from human rights advocacy organizations have had little effect on the case. 
In May, UN High Commissioner for Human Rights Navi Pillay issued a statement explaining, 
The fight against terrorism cannot serve as an excuse to intimidate and silence journalists, bloggers, human rights activists and members of civil society organizations. 
And working with foreign human rights organizations cannot be considered a crime. 
Additionally, seven international human rights and press freedom organizations pressed the African Commission and the United Nations in an urgent appeal to intervene in the case against Zone9. 
The appeal focused on the lack of clear charges and failure to allow the defendants adequate legal representation. 
Nani Jansen, a lawyer for the Media Legal Defence Initiative and the lead signatory in the appeal, writes in an email that both the African Commission and the UN "operate under the cover of confidentiality in the early stages of these matters." 
She continues: 
When they follow up with a Government, this is done without informing the outside world. 
Only months and months (often over a year) later, these exchanges with a Government get published in the mechanism's report to its supervisory body. 
Thus any intervention joins the rest of those in the cone of silence that is Zone9—hidden from public scrutiny or participation. 
Even if these bodies do follow up with the Ethiopian government, their recourse is limited. 
In an article on the urgent appeal, Jansen notes that the African Commission can condemn the arrests in a resolution, that both organizations' rapporteurs can request official visits to Ethiopia to investigate, and that Ethiopia, as a member of the UN Human Rights Council, would be obligated to honor such a request. 
But even should such requests be made, and investigations conducted, there is little chance of enforcement of hypothetical findings on the Ethiopian government. 
Since the appeal, the Ethiopian government has proceeded with charges against the accused. 
The latest details on the trial can be found on the Trial Tracker Blog, a site run by people close to the defendants. 
Public attempts to highlight the Ethiopian government's transgressions against human rights such as the #Freezone9bloggers social media campaign have an indirect effect. 
They seek to shame the Ethiopian government to ensure better treatment for the prisoners. 
They also seek to pressure international organizations and Ethiopia's allies such as the United States, for whom Ethiopia is a critical military and security partner. 
The hope is that those organizations will in turn apply political pressure on Ethiopia to free the Zone9 defendants. 
The implementation of international commitments seems to rest primarily upon a negotiated process of politics, not a functioning and enforceable system of law. 
Considering the ease with which national law in Ethiopia is employed or ignored for political ends, it is a grim irony that only political pressure can hope to resolve the case in their favor. 

Students mourning at Haromaya University. 
Photo shared widely on social media. 
Over the past two weeks, students in Ethiopia’s largest regional state, Oromia, have been protesting against a government plan to expand the area of the capital, Addis Ababa, into Oromia. 
Reports suggest security forces used violence including live ammunition to disperse crowds of peaceful demonstrators in the compounds of universities in Oromia. 
According to Human Rights Watch, at least three students were killed and hundreds were injured across the region as security forces used excessive force to disperse student protesters. 
Other reports put the number of students killed up to ten. 
Although protesters are primarily university students, in some instances, high school and primary school children were also reportedly involved in intense confrontations with government forces. 
At least nine students were killed by government forces in May 2014 while protesting over the same issue. 
The persecution of Oromo people 
The students argue that the controversial plan, known as "the Master Plan", to expand Addis Ababa into Oromia state would result in mass evictions of farmers mostly belonging to the Oromo ethnic group. 
It wouldn't be the first time the government has uprooted members of an ethnic group. 
Thousands of ethnic Amharas in western Ethiopia were expelled from the country's Benishangul Gumuz region in 2013 in what critics called "ethnic cleansing". 
The students have other demands such as making Oromo a federal language. 
Oromo, the language of the Oromo people, is the most widely spoken language in Ethiopia and the fourth largest African language. 
However, it is not the working language of the federal government. 
According to Ethiopian Constitution, Oromia is one of the nine ethnically based and politically autonomous regional states in Ethiopia. 
Oromo people make up the largest ethnic group in Ethiopia. 
However, the group has been systematically marginalized and persecuted for the last 24 years. 
By some estimates, there were as many as 20,000 Oromo political prisoners in Ethiopia as of March 2014. 
A 2014 Amnesty International report on repression in the Oromia region noted: 
Between 2011 and 2014, at least 5000 Oromos have been arrested based on their actual or suspected peaceful opposition to the government. 
These include thousands of peaceful protestors and hundreds of opposition political party members. 
The government anticipates a high level of opposition in Oromia, and signs of dissent are sought out and regularly, sometimes pre-emptively, suppressed. 
In numerous cases, actual or suspected dissenters have been detained without charge or trial, killed by security services during protests, arrests and in detention. 
The ruling elite of Ethiopia are mostly from the Tigray region, which is located in the northern part of the country. 
Social media fills in the gaps 
Even as the Ethiopian drought and impending food crisis makes a rare appearance in local—and some international—headlines, little attention is being paid to the student protests in Ethiopian media. 
But despite Ethiopia’s highly controlled online environment and the government’s firm grip on communications infrastructure, social media users are reporting on the issue, particularly on Facebook, with additional coverage coming from diaspora-based media. 
Photo widely circulated on social media, taken from the Facebook page of Jawar Mohammed. 
One Facebook user, for example, hoped for the world to hear stories of the student protesters' inspiring actions: 
The silence has truly been deafening. 
We need to see and hear the inspiring actions undertaken by huge numbers of ‪#‎Oromo‬ in ‪#‎Ethiopia‬. 
Tell their story, enable the world to be swept up in their story.Considering the complete absence of freedom to criticize the government or report opposition stories from within the country, people around the world reading about it can help greatly by doing everything possible to amplify this story. 
Another Facebook user, Aga Teshome, took note of the political power of Oromo youth: 
...‪#‎OromoProtests‬ a call for all oppressed people in ‪#‎Ethiopia‬ to support the ongoing protest against ‪#‎landgrabing‬ ....the Oromo youth are a powerful political entity capable of shaking mountains. 
This powerful political entity is hell bent on exposing the EPRDF government’s atrocious human rights record and all round discriminatory practices. 
While Desu Tefera said: 
We call upon the media to investigate the conditions that these students died trying to expose and resist, to draw attention to these concerns. 
Oromia needs a new kind of reporting by the international media, which gives voice to the voiceless Oromo people, who for a very long time have been killed, mistreated, abused, neglected and repressed in Ethiopia. 
Going forward with the current plan, which ends up displacing tens of thousands of poor farmers, destroying their livelihood and depriving their identity, is a tragedy. 
It deserves attention. 
These students put their lives on the line to draw attention to the farmers’ plight.‪#‎OromoProtests‬ 
Although social media reports are pivotal in letting the world know about the protests, they miss a huge chunk of nuance that would help observers understand how this dispute is unfolding. 
Notably, the fact that the student protests combine delicate ethnic politics, urban land grabbing and Ethiopia’s diaspora community’s involvement in home country politics. 
Given Ethiopia’s highly controlIed environment, one might wonder how the students managed to get organized to express their grievance in the mid of highly controlled environment. 
Despite the firm grip on communication infrastructure there are constant update on Facebook and Twitter about the protest. 
Dubious development practices 
The story is unpleasantly familiar, as students are protesting for the second time in less than two years. 
In April and May 2014, the protests began in response to the government’s plan to implement the “Integrated Masterplan for Addis Ababa”. 
As Addis Ababa, the capital of Ethiopia, is an enclave within Oromia regional state, students primarily from Oromia state accused the Ethiopian government of attempting to take over land owned by local farmers in the name of integrating adjacent Oromia towns into the sprawling city of Addis. 
The students further alleged that if implemented, the Masterplan would result in Addis Ababa further encroaching into the territory of Oromia. 
The government rejected the accusation, claiming that the Masterplan was intended only to facilitate the development of infrastructure such as transportation, utilities, and recreation centers. 
When the protests began the students’ main demand was the complete halting of the Masterplan. 
In May 2014, the government did momentarily halt the plan in order to abate the protests after at least nine were killed and hundreds of ethnic Oromo students were imprisoned. 
But when the government decided to resume plans to implement the Masterplan in November this year resentment boiled over again, resulting in the currently two-week-old student protest leaving at least ten people dead and many injured. 
Since the highly contested 2005 national election, forceful evictions and urban land grabbing have become frequent in Addis Ababa. 
The capital city’s rapid growth has resulted in increasing pressure to convert rural land for industrial, housing, infrastructure, or other urban use. 
Diaspora-based advocates say the unrest in Oromia is just a part of the general unhappiness that prevails in the country. 
They accuse the government of working for the benefit of a few people at the expense of others. 
They even suggest that the Ethiopian government covertly encouraged informal settlement on the outskirts of Addis Ababa so that they could later find a way to intervene under the guise of rebuilding the slums and lease the land to real estate developers. 
Ermias Legesse, a high profile government defector, traces the cause of the Oromo student protest to events that took place 15 years ago. In his book, "Addis Ababa: The Abandoned City", Ermias notes that since 2000 the Addis Ababa city municipality, with the support of the federal government, enacted five different pieces of legislation to “legalize” the informal settlements, and then sold the “legalized” lands to private property developers. 

Released under Creative Commons. Despite recording double-digit economic growth in recent years, Ethiopia is in serious need of food aid. 
Observers consider the current food crisis to be the worst in thirty years, similar to the famine of 1984-85, which led to thousands of deaths. 
According to a report by the U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs the number of relief food beneficiaries in Ethiopia has increased to 4.5 million people this month. 
The figure includes 5.75 million Ethiopian children. 
The food crisis in the country is being played down by the Ethiopian government, which has decided to rename famine and starvation as “food insecurity”: 
According to some inside Ethiopia, NGOs are being warned not to use the words “famine, starvation or death” in their food appeals. 
Neither are they to say that “children are dying on a daily basis,” or refer to “widespread famine” or say that “the policies of the government in Ethiopia are partially to blame.” 
Neither are they allowed to “compare the current crisis to the famine of the eighties.” 
Instead, the latest drought in Ethiopia is to be described as “food insecurity caused by a drought related to El Nino.” 
While the Ethiopian government says that the cause of “food insecurity” in the country is drought related to El Nino, Dawit Ayele Haylemari, a graduate student of political science at University of Passau, thinks otherwise: 
Many experts relate Ethiopia's cyclical famine with the country's dependence on Rainfed smallholder agriculture, drought, rapid population growth or agricultural market dysfunctions. 
Although these factors do have significant role in the matter, they tend to hide the critical cause of hunger in the country - lack of rights and accountable government 
A historical investigation of famine also identified 30 major famines during the 20th century. 
All happened in countries led by autocratic rule or that were under armed conflict, four being in Ethiopia Why does autocracy lead to famine? 
The most fundamental reason is that autocrats often don't care enough about the population to prevent famine. 
Autocrats maintain power through force, not popular approval. 
This argument has been proven true in the case of Ethiopia. 
The food crisis, in the fifth largest economy in Sub Saharan Africa, has become one of the hot topics discussed by Ethiopian netizens online. 
Adisu Habte took a jab at Ethiopians in the Diaspora talking about the issue on social media while their fellow citizens are dying: 
Well the hunger continues in Ethiopian while Ethiopians living in Philadelphia continue to do nothing but post on their social media page and have conversation about politics at Dunkin Donuts and at the Hookah lounge Let's not watch as Ethiopians are starving to death. 
Yep! 
The 'fast growing' economy in Ethiopia is busted ... 
Yes, drought and hunger in the fastest growing African economy #Ethiopia — P Mimi Poinsett MD (@yayayarndiva) November 28, 2015 
While Betelhem Ephrem advises Ethiopians not to politicise the issue: 
For once lets make this issues about the people who are desperately in need of survival than our political discourse. lets not make a mockery of the people at this time of crisis. 
Answering to a Facebook user, Anania Sorri, who wanted to know the source of the information that 4.5 million are facing hunger, Addis Standard writes: Dear Anania Sorri - It is widely known that figures in this country are often the results of negotiations between the government and aid agencies (in this case) or the government and financial institutions (in the case of growth). 
But in the face of eminent crop failure in many parts of the country in the coming harvest season, this one doesn't seem to be overly exaggerated. 
Responding to calls from some Ethiopians that citizens need to pray, Biyya Oromiyaa says: 
How is praying a solution to hunger in Ethiopia? 
Hungry people need emergency food, and a good agricultural policy with political will and democracy. 
Hunger has nothing to do with God in Ethiopia, maybe elsewhere. 
Hunger is created by the combination of regime policy failure, political oppression and climate change. 
So good advice would be to remove the regime than instruct us to pray. 
Fikrejesus Amahazion, a Horn of Africa scholar focusing on African development, human rights and political economy, points to another irony of the current food crisis: 
Ironically, while Ethiopia is facing a hunger crisis and making urgent appeals for aid, tonnes of food are actually leaving the country. 
This illogical development is due to the fact that the regime in Addis has sold large tracts of arable land to a range of foreign investors and corporations in transactions described as “land grabs.” 
Reports by rights groups list a plethora of human rights violations, including murders, beatings, rapes, imprisonment, intimidation, and political coercion by the government and authorities. 
Ethiopia’s hunger crisis is an important humanitarian issue meriting immediate attention and concern. 
In order to fully understand the crisis it is imperative to recognize that while the environment has been an important contributing factor, a range of other structural socio-political and governance dynamics, including corruption, the lack of rule of law or democracy, poor governance, failures in long-term planning, and misplaced national and development priorities have also been highly influential. 
Finally, Paul Dorosh, director at International Food Policy Research Institute's Development Strategy and Governance Division, and Shahidur Rashid, senior research fellow at the institute’s Markets, Trade, and Institutions Division, are hopeful that the drought will not lead to famine: 
The 2015-16 drought and production shortfall need not cause a famine in Ethiopia. 
By heeding the lessons of past famines, the government and the international donor community can help ensure that there is sufficient availability of cereals to supply Ethiopia’s food needs and sufficient transfers in cash and in kind to provide needy households with adequate access to food. 
Other food security issues will still need to be resolved, including ensuring adequate nutrition for all individuals. 

Oromo singer Hawi Tezera. 
Photo from her official Facebook page. While journalists and bloggers remain the primary targets of state repression in Ethiopia, musicians that don't jive with state propaganda also take the heat. 
Hawi Tezera, an ethnic Oromo singer, was reportedly beaten, arrested, released and then rearrested in the space of just seven days by government security forces in connection with her song about ongoing protests in Oromia, a southern administrative region that is Ethiopia’s largest. 
Two other Oromo singers, who asked to remain anonymous for fear of retribution, told this author over Facebook chat that they have been under intense surveillance since anti-government protests began in the region in November. 
According to some estimates, over a hundred demonstrators have died in unrest that began after the government made plans for the expansion of the capital Addis Ababa into land inhabited by the Oromo ethnic group, which accounts for almost a third of Ethiopia's population. 
In the last two decades, Oromo singers who gravitate towards political and social activism have been subjected to intimidation, abductions and torture. 
There are also more musicians-in-exiles among the culturally distinct Oromo group than any of Ethiopia's other major groups. 
One of the most recognisable victims of this slow purge was iconoclastic Oromo singer, Ebisa Adugna, who civic activists believe was killed by Ethiopian government forces in 1996. 
Dawite Mekonen, widely known for streamlining Oromo traditional music with more contemporary styles in the 1990s, went into exile after refusing to perform for soldiers at war front during Ethio-Eritrean war in 1998. 
These are just few of the better-known examples of Ethiopia’s repression of Oromo musicians. 
New wave of censorship? 
Musicians of all backgrounds that go against the government line find it difficult to get a gig or airtime on Ethiopia's radio stations. 
One example of this trend is the last-minute cancellation last year of two concerts featuring Teddy Afro, a prominent Amharic singer and song writer.Teddy has a great popular appeal and is widely known as the most successful musician in Ethiopia. 
Teddy, who was released from imprisonment on hit and run charges he always denied in 2009, said his team was refused permission to hold the concerts scheduled for last September, without speculating as to why. 
It seems most likely the cancellations are part of a continuing government campaign against the musician since his release of songs critical of the regime in 2005, three years before he was imprisoned. 
However, censorship is noticeably harsher as regards the Oromo, Ethiopia's single largest ethnic group, which is viewed as a threat by a government packed with politicians from the northern Tigray minority. 
According to reports at least 17 Oromo singers whose lyrics show "nationalistic tendencies" were banned from air waves in December 2015 by the Ethiopian Broadcast Authority. 
Oromo singers often produce music that articulates strong pride in their national and cultural heritage, whether through lyrics or the incorporation of traditional instruments and melodies. 
The latest ban has encompassed songs that appear to be far from overtly nationalistic, including the songs of the two musicians the author interviewed for this piece. 
This signifies a clampdown on even moderate forms of cultural self-expression. 
A counterproductive policy 
According to academic Michael Shawn Mollenhauer, who wrote his doctoral dissertation on the topic of censorship of Oromo culture in Ethiopia, the current government uses Oromo musicians to present a facade of cultural diversity while systematically imprisoning and intimidating independent singers. 
Hawi Tezera's story is an indicator that the state's grip on any form of freedom of expression is getting ever-tighter, with controls over music reaching a new low. 
However, the crackdown is not having the desired effect. 
If anything, music censorship has helped strengthen Oromo nationalism. 
The overwhelming majority of Oromos already felt that their identity was being attacked unjustly, and the intensification of state harassment against a background of growing political unrest is tipping them over the edge. 
This story was commissioned by Freemuse, the leading defender of musicians worldwide, and Global Voices for Artsfreedom.org. 
The article may be republished by non-commercial media, crediting the author Endalk, Freemuse and Global Voices and linking to the origin. 

Screen captures of the Qiaobi detergent ad. 
Via Hong Kong Free Press. 
A viral detergent commercial showing a black man being stuffed into a washing machine by his Chinese girlfriend and "washed" into a handsome, light-skinned Chinese man sparked outrage outside China this week for its overt racism. 
The detergent company, Qiaobi, quickly apologized and withdrew the commercial, but its public statement accused foreign critics of overreacting. 
Many Chinese web users supported their defensive stance, saying the ad only reflects cultural differences rather than racism and proclaiming that it is impossible for Chinese to be racist toward black people. 
Outside China, people may find this ad racist. 
But in China, it is different. 
It is just an ad. 
Each country has its own culture, and viewpoints are also difference. 
The company can produce another ad and stuff a hairy white guy into washing machine. 
Tell the Americans that we discriminate against blacks and whites. 
Are you satisfied? 
There is no problem with the ad. Please don't import the political correctness about racism to China. 
Yellow-skinned people have never enslaved black-skinned people, have never forced them into labor or sold them on the open market. don't have the Ku Klux Klan or racial segregation. 
Go after your real enemy. 
Only when white people discriminate against black people is it racism. 
The discrimination against black-skinned people by yellow-skinned people is just cultural difference. 
Whites are born racist. 
To prevent the avalanche of negative press from spinning into a diplomatic crisis, Foreign Ministry spokesman Hua Chunying stressed that spot was an isolated incident and that the Chinese are "good brothers with African countries". 
Though the commercial is indeed an isolated production, the denial of racism against black people existing in China and the claim that the Chinese are nothing but "good brothers" to black people are inaccurate, two anthropology students argued on investigative journalism platform The Initium. 
But, they said, such racism has become so normalized that many Chinese fail to even see it. 
The Chinese Communist Party, after taking control of China in 1949, did attempt to unite with their "oppressed African brothers" against Western imperialism. 
And Chinese officials have used the "brothers" rhetoric to describe the current "One Belt One Road" plan to extend the reach of Chinese trade to Eurasia and parts of East Africa. 
Nevertheless, China has seen a rise in racism against black people since the country began to open up economically and moderate its nationalism somewhat, the two students wrote. 
Throughout the 1980s, there were numerous racist incidents targeting African students at Chinese universities, they explained: 
Many people see the positive developments of the 1980s but forget about its dark side. 
One example is the campus campaign against African students. 
The conflicts between the Chinese and African students in the 1980s were driven by prejudice against the "inferior race", discontentment about the subsidies received by African students, fear over the spread of HIV and the call to protect the purity of the Chinese race. 
On 3 July 1979, a student from Mali was beaten by a group of Chinese students. 
The Chinese students said the student's skin color was too light and poured ink on him. 
The scuffle outside the student hostel developed into a gang fight, with 50 foreign students and 24 Chinese students injured. 
Later, more than a hundred African students demonstrated in Tiananmen square, urging governments to stop sending African students to China because China had very serious anti-African sentiments. 
Chinese officials promised to improve the Shanghai students' education on "internationalism" and denied the incident was racist. 
The conflicts between Chinese and African students did not stop after 1979. 
Between 1979 and 1989, in cities like Nanjing, Hefei and Hanzhou, similar incidents took place. 
Every time hundreds of people were involved. 
For example, on 29 December 1988, 300 Chinese students from Huazhong University of Science and Technology in Wuhan threw stones at foreign students, injuring a student from Sri Lanka. 
The Chinese students wrote letters and demanded the university expel African students because "dating between African students and Chinese girls had disrupted the stability of Chinese society". The trigger for such incidents usually involved romantic relationships between Chinese women and African men, with the Chinese female students being labelled as "traitors of the Han Chinese" and "whores". 
Chinese authorities tightened their grip on university campuses after the Tiananmen pro-democracy student movement of 1989, and as a consequence racist campaigns came to an end. 
But clamping down on these very public displays of racism didn't eradicate racism, the authors argued: 
The disappearance of attention-grabbing racial discrimination marked an absence of public discussion, debate and reflection on Chinese racial prejudice. 
Such racial prejudice has now become normalized as discrimination against the "inferior race". 
They further pointed out that the internet has played a major role in this normalization of discrimination: 
Chinese netizens have radically spread anti-black opinions online. 
They say the migration of black people to China is the most dangerous issue in the 21 century and call it "a matter of life and death for the nation and for the race". 
On the online forum Jinjian, a virtual community for Chinese Communist Party supporters, the city of Guangzhou having been "seized" by black people is a major hot topic among young female netizens. 
Chinese nationalism is constructed according to racial order. 
China's aid for Africa has also been simplified as a last resort because "the first world refused to play with us". 
Sex and reproduction is at the core of anti-black sentiment. 
On online forum Baidu, in WeChat circles and in the ad we're discussing today, black people are portrayed as scumbags who only want to have sex with Chinese women. 
Women who date black people are usually labelled as having "strong tastes" or being "poor and uneducated". 
Popular Chinese culture since the 1980s has also reinforced Chinese people's "yellowness" in contrast with scientific achievement and modernization. 
In the Chinese documentary “River Elegy”, for example, the Yellow River is used to represent China's stagnant, closed-door civilization, while the blue ocean represents the "democratic and open" Western society, the authors wrote. 
All this has contributed to today's racism against black people in China, they said: 
Today, as the country is approaching "the great revival of the Chinese nation", the history of African brothers has passed and the inferiority complex about yellow skin vis a vis white skin has been abandoned. 
The Chinese want to be equal with white people, but like white people, they have to achieve their status by standing on top of black people. 

Image shared on Twitter by Tanzanian Member of Parliament Zitto Kabwe Ruyagwa. (@zittokabwe) 
Tanzanian citizen Isaac Abakuki Emily was convicted of insulting Tanzanian President John Magufuli on his Facebook page by the Arusha Resident Magistrate’s Court. 
Emily may serve three years in prison, or alternatively pay a fine of five million shillings (US $2300), a steep sum in Tanzania, where the GDP per capita amounts to just under US $1000 per year. 
This was reduced from seven million upon appeal by his lawyer, according to local news site The Citizen. 
He must pay the fine by August 8, or serve the prison term. 
Emily first appeared in court on April 15, 2016 on charges of "insulting" the country's president, John Magufuli, allegedly contrary to Section 16 of Tanzania's Cybercrime Act No. 14 of 2015, which says: 
Any person who publishes information, data or facts presented in a picture, text, symbol or any other form in a computer system where such information, data or fact is false, deceptive, misleading or inaccurate commits an offence, and shall on conviction be liable to a fine not less than three million shillings or to imprisonment for a term not less than six months or to both. 
He was accused of posting the controversial Facebook message, written in Swahili, on March 17, 2015, despite knowing that posting false or misleading statements about the country's president is against the law. 
His comment was in reference to President Magufuli's surprise live call to 360, a current affairs program on Clouds TV. 
While on the air, the president thanked the presenters and expressed his admiration for the show. 
Neither Emily's personal Facebook page, nor the discussion page on which he is reported to have posted the comment, have come up in searches, but his Facebook comment allegedly read: 
Theatrics in politics , how come you compare this imbecile to Nyerere ? 
His conviction comes against the backdrop of Tanzania's relatively new cybercrime bill, which the Parliament passed on April 1, 2015, to address cybercrime issues such as child pornography, cyberbullying, online impersonation, electronic production of racist and xenophobic content, spam, illegal interception of communications, and the publication of false information. 
Despite widespread opposition from politicians, social media experts, and human rights activists, the bill was pushed through parliament with relatively little discussion or debate. 
Former president Jakaya Kikwete signed it into law in May 2015. 
They have also cautioned that police or the state could use their power to harass online activists or social media users. 
In October 2015, two Tanzanians became the first victims of the new law. 
Benedict Angelo Ngonyani, a 24-year-old student at Dar es Salaam Institute of Technology, was charged for publishing materials which are “false or not verified by relevant authorities.” 
It is alleged that he posted a Facebook post claiming that Tanzania's Chief of Defence Forces, General Davis Mwamunyange, had been hospitalized after eating poisoned food. 
That same month, another netizen, Sospiter Jonas, was arraigned in a primary court in Dodoma Region and charged with “misuse of the Internet” after he posted a message on Facebook saying that Tanzanian Prime Minister Mizengo Pinda “will only become a gospel preacher.” 
The four appeared before a Magistrate's court in Dar Es Salaam on November 6, 2015. 


No attribution or further context appears on the site. 
When students in Ginchi, a small town 75 km west of Addis Ababa, organized a demonstration in November 2015, US-based opposition media activist Jawar Mohammed, began posting minute-to-minute ‘live’ updates of the protest on his massively popular Facebook page, which has over 500k followers. 
What started as a small-scale student protest over Ethiopian government's plan to expand Addis Ababa into adjacent farm lands of Oromia, Ethiopia’s largest constitutionally autonomous state, evolved into a series of largest and bloodiest demonstrations against Ethiopian government in a decade leaving at least 400 people killed, many more injured, and thousands jailed. 
Along with Jawar’s live updates about the protests on Facebook, netizens saw a flood of digital photos, videos, blog posts, and tweets on other social media platforms coming from inside Ethiopia, mostly under the hashtag #OromoProtests. 
For over a decade, the Ethiopian government has been violently cracking down on protesting students in Oromia, but these incidents have never garnered the online attention they did this time around. 
With scant coverage by foreign media from the front lines, and silence and misinformation coming from Ethiopia’s largely pro-government media outlets, the Internet emerged as the main channel used to disseminate information about protests. 
Jawar’s Facebook page and Twitter feed became the official-yet-unofficial story of the protest, leading diaspora writers to identify Jawar as a key shaper of public opinion on the events. 
Though these networked communication dynamics are commonplace in many parts of the world, they are novel in Ethiopia, where Internet penetration hovered just below 5% in 2013, which is the last time that Internet access data was collected there by the International Telecommunication Union, a UN agency. 
The steady stream of #OromoProtests content triggered various attempts by the government to limit digital traffic and block telecom services in Oromia. 
In a bid to quell the growing role of social media in magnifying the stories of protests and to regain the upper hand, Ethiopia’s state-owned telecommunication monopoly EthioTelcom blocked social media platforms including Twitter, WhatsApp and Facebook Messenger in Oromia for at least two months. 
Around the same time, EthioTelecom also announced plans to begin charging customers for using popular voice over internet protocol (VoIP) applications such as Viber, Facebook messenger, Skype, and Google hangouts. 
According to local media reports, EthioTelecom plans to enforce a new price scheme for VoIP data usage by deploying technologies that will more heavily regulate data plans and what kinds of apps operate on devices of each subscriber active on EthioTelecom network. 
In an unprecedented move, EthioTelecom also announced a plan to track, identify and ban mobile devices that are not purchased from the Ethiopian market. 
This move will allow EthioTelecom to keep a track of exactly what data is being sent to and from each subscriber active on the network. 
It remains unclear exactly how this technology will work, but it unquestionably demonstrates EthioTelecom's intention to take full political advantage of its monopoly. 
Despite being one of the poorest countries in terms of Internet penetration in Africa, #OromoProtests garnered wall-to-wall coverage by the US based Ethiopian diaspora satellite television stations, particularly OMN and ESAT. 
Both stations picked various stories of #OromoProtests from social media and rebroadcast them to millions of Ethiopians living off the grid of mobile phone infrastructure. 
To top all this off, on the heels of the protests, the parliament passed a stringent computer crimes law that looks very much like an effort to criminalize protest-related online speech and to more effectively utilize digital communication as a tool of public surveillance. 
In a critical piece about the new law, the Electronic Frontier Foundation wrote, 
Ethiopia's prosecutors have long demonized legitimate uses of technology, claiming in court that the use of encryption, and knowledge of privacy-protecting tools is a sign of support for terrorists....By criminalizing everyday actions it ensures that anyone who speaks online, or supports online free expression, might one day be targeted by the law.... will intimidate ordinary Ethiopian citizens into staying offline, and further alienate Ethiopia's technological progress from its African neighbors and the rest of the world. 
According to reports, the new legislation further limits already-diminished digital rights such as freedom of expression and privacy, criminalizing and levying severe punishments for defamatory speech online. 
The legislation also obliges service providers to store records of all communications along with their metadata for at least a year. 
Read Global Voices' special coverage of Ethiopia's #OromoProtests. 

Cartoon widely shared on Facebook. 
In the aftermath of what the government and much of Turkey views as a failed coup attempt on the night of July 15 through July 16, one section of the Turkish internet still isn't buying it. 
Users posting under the hashtag typically believe that events that saw over 160 people die, the parliament pounded by bombs and military jets fly frighteningly low over densely populated Ankara and Istanbul, were staged by incumbent President Recep Tayyip Erdogan in order to expand his already formidable influence over domestic politics. 
Trending on @Twitter in Turkey right now are: "I want the death penalty" (#idamistiyorum) & "Not a coup. 
And the Oscar goes to... 
According to Reuters full blown upheaval in Turkey began at around 19.30 local time when reports of army personnel closing down access points to the main Bosporus bridge in the country's biggest city, Istanbul, started circulating online. 
Around the same time, Istanbul's second bridge was taken over by the military. 
Half an hour later, in a notably shaky public appearance, Turkey's newly appointed Prime Minister Binali Yildirim said there had been an "uprising" staged by a faction within Turkey's military, and that the uprising had been supported by a long time personal rival of President Erdogan, US-based Islamic cleric Fetulla Gulen. 
Over the hours that followed, gun shots and explosions were heard in Istanbul and Ankara, while military helicopters and F16s roamed the skies in Turkey's major cities. 
Turkish netizens reported problems accessing online platforms and VPN-provider TunnelBear offered unlimited data for their "friends in Turkey" to stay connected. 
Soldiers whose ultimate commander was not immediately identified then took over the Turkish State broadcaster as well as CNN Turk building and other key media outlets. 
BREAKING A group of soldiers landed in Dogan Media Center where @cnnturk is based. 
They have entered the studio. pic.twitter.com/D2QMF6s8Xt — CNN Türk ENG (@CNNTURK_ENG) July 16, 2016 
Amid this chaos, the military issued a statement in which it declared that it had seized control of the government in order to reinstate the democratic order and declared the imposition of martial law and a curfew. 
Images showed tanks lined up outside Istanbul airport. 
He addressed the nation via the FaceTime app on an iPhone and openly called on people to take to the streets and fight for democracy. 
"Go to the streets and give them their answer," he said. 
I invite our people to the squares and airports to stand up for our democracy and national will. 
And the people did take the streets, in many cases overwhelming army officers. 
According to CNN live blog, the attempted coup resulted in a total of 161 dead and over 1,400 people injured with some 2,839 military officers detained. 
And as the government claimed to have rolled back the coup plotters and regained full control, more and more Turks reached the conclusion that despite the vastly ambitious Erdogan's penchant for provocative politics, there had, in fact, been a coup attempt in their country. 
Don't buy it. 
Perfectly plausible story is slowly emerging. 
Erdogan brought Turkish democracy to brink of disaster before #coup; coup officers pushed democracy into the abyss. https://t.co/9iWpWtXJLO — Soner Cagaptay (@SonerCagaptay) July 16, 2016 
For the last couple of weeks there were rumors to the effect that a large group of ranked officers in Turkish Armed Forces would be forced to retire by the end of summer. 
My guess is that last night's move was an organized attempt by this group of officers. 
The quite obvious lack of organization and inefficiency observed in the attempted coup can also be explained without resorting to conspiracy theories or theatricality of a staged ploy: The junta prepares for, or at least entertains the idea of a coup but somehow the news of the attempt is leaked and rumor gets around. 
Government learns about this. 
The disappearance of Erdoğan for the last week and the excitement of several foreign embassies in the last few days can also be attributed to these rumors. 
It is also quite possible that the government, with the comfort of being forewarned and realizing the limits of the junta, may have planned to turn this into an advantage and instrumentalize a potential coup for its own benefit. 
They may have also planned to catch all the junta in the act thus making it a more open and shut case. 
Obviously the junta would know that its cover had been blown and in return they may have acted prematurely as a last resort, to save their asses and made the last night's gamble. 
I think, this is the most logical explanation of why the coup seemed like a farce. 
As to the the aftermath, I think Erdoğan is most right when he frames this as a providence from God. 
This coup attempt could not have come at a better time. 
The u-turn in foreign policy, the admittance of failure in Syria, the great purge within the party, the issue of Syrian refugees all had brought the party esprit-de-corps to an all time low and alienated Erdoğan to his base. 
And as such, it provided Erdoğan a decisive victory in domestic politics. 
Now he is a victorious leader once again, a veteran. 
The people flooding the streets were also united in their leader's defense and this turned into an opportunity to overcome the alienation. 
Erdoğan will once again acquire the status of rightly-guided leader who is led and provided by by God. 
And of course there is no doubt that he will use this credit to utmost limits. 
Kind of like the Auspicious Affair (Vaka-yı Hayriye) of 1826 whereby the Janissary corps were abolished once and for-all, this failed coup has a facet of auspiciousness. 
Yet, imagining the aftermath we can also predict that it will have several facets which will prove quite oppressive and burdensome for Turkish citizens. 
The rise of Erdogan and his conservative AKP party (Justice and Development Party) in the post-millennial era saw the role of the army in domestic politics weaken. 
Erdogan, who has stated his ambition to change the constitution on a number of occasions, is widely viewed as one of the most powerful and ambitious rulers in Turkey's history. 
Although his party was initially credited for ensuring a decade of robust economic growth, the country has spiralled into insecurity and war following the government's decision to wade into the conflict in neighbouring Syria and escalate a decades-old conflict with Kurdish militants in the east of the country. 

Dr. Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus, Minister of Health, Ethiopia, speaking at the London Summit on Family Planning in 2012. 
Photo by Flickr user UK DFID. CC BY-SA 2.0 Some Ethiopians are fiercely campaigning against Tedros Adhanom, Ethiopia’s candidate to replace Margaret Chan Fung Fu-chun, as director general of World Health Organization, just a few weeks before member states are set to vote on the final three candidates. 
Tedros, a former Ethiopian foreign and health minister, along with Pakistan’s Sania Nishtar and the UK’s David Nabarro are the three director-general nominees who made the cut from a larger pool of candidates in January. 
Tedros, who is running a well-funded campaign, is considered as a prime contender in the race. 
His candidacy was endorsed by the African Union, and just last week he picked up an endorsement of Andrew Mitchell, the UK’s former international development secretary. 
However, he is facing unrelenting opposition from his own citizens. 
Ethiopians who feel marginalized by their country's government are campaigning hard against him online, arguing he should not be elected because he represents the interests of Ethiopia’s autocratic ruling elites and not the people. 
The irony is beyond tragic. 
The person who is responsible for the crimes against humanity in #Ethiopia is running for #WHODG! #NoTedros4WHO — Kirubel ተሾመ (@kiruskyy) April 28, 2017 
Tedros Adhanom presided and participated in the biggest financial corruption scandal of misusing Global fund in Ethiopia. #NoTedros4WHO — Amsalu (@AmsaluKassaw) April 28, 2017 
The person who is responsible for the crimes against humanity in #Ethiopia is running for #WHODG! #NoTedros4WHO — Kirubel ተሾመ (@kiruskyy) April 28, 2017 
They have organized Twitter campaigns under a hashtag #NoTedros4WHO to organize conversations surrounding the topic. 
To make his Ethiopian government profile at the top of the public’s consciousness, his opponents have share detailed research that accuses Tedros of inefficiencies, misreporting, and exaggerations of his achievements when he used to serve in Ethiopia. 
One of the images that have circulated against Tedros, showing his face with an X over it next to the two other candidates. 
Shared by Twitter user @DahlaKib 
However, amid fears that the campaign might diminish his chances, government groups are also running a parallel campaign supporting his candidacy. 
Since April 2014, a popular protest movement in Ethiopia has challenged the government, which has responded brutally. 
According to Human Rights Watch, at least 800 people have died, and thousands of political opponents and hundreds of dissidents have been imprisoned and tortured. 
Since October 2016, authorities have imposed some of the world’s toughest censorship laws after it declared a state of emergency. 
The role of ethnic politics 
Some of Tedros’ detractors say they oppose his candidacy because of his alleged incompetence. 
But a big part of what drives the fierce opposition to Tedros is the logic of ethnic politics. 
Tedros holds a Ph.D. from the University of Nottingham in community health. 
He studied biology at Asmera University before he completed a master’s degree in immunology of infectious diseases in London. 
When people hear his name, as qualified as he may be, his opponents associate him with a repressive Ethiopian government that has killed people, jailed thousands of political opponents, and imprisoned and tortured dissidents. 
His meteoric rise to power started soon after he finished his Ph.D. in 1999 when he was tasked to lead the Tigray region’s health department. 
After two short years in Tigray, he was promoted to Ethiopia’s minister for health by the late prime minister Meles Zenawi, a Tigrayan himself. 
In 2012 when Meles Zenawi died, Tedros became Ethiopia’s foreign minister. 
Tigray is one of the nine regional states that are federated based on ethnolinguistic compositions. 
Over the past 26 years, the Tigrayan elites have taken center stage in Ethiopia’s political affairs, largely due to their control of the military, security and the economy of Ethiopia. 
Though accounting for only 6% of Ethiopia’s population, all senior positions of country’s military and security and the most meaningful positions in state institutions are packed by Tigrayan elites. 
This has always been a sore point with the elites of the Oromo and Amhara ethnicities, who together comprise 65% of Ethiopia’s population. 
Ethiopia's government has used authoritarian tactics against its people and the country's politic space is a closed one; however, it enjoys the support of powerful countries such as the United States and the United Kingdom. 
Domestic disputes on a global platform 
The vigorous opposition to the Tedros candidacy suggests that Ethiopians political struggle has spilled over into the international arena. 
In some sense, it also suggests that these global platforms have become a substitute for a repressed domestic political space. 
Since Ethiopia’s local political institutions and communications infrastructure are controlled by the government, diaspora groups, however sporadic and uncoordinated their efforts may be, have used the opportunity to shed light on the human rights violations using Twitter campaigns. 
A twitter campaign on today April 28th Europe Time 18:00 And 12:00 PM Washington DC USA Time 17:00 Uk time Key tags #NoTedros4WHO & #WHODG pic.twitter.com/YIXHJjErwB — Natnael Mekonnen (@NatnaelMekonne7) April 28, 2017 

Ethiopian singer Teddy Afro, who delivered opening remarks at a U.S. Embassy-sponsored workshop for students on the occasion of World Environment Day 2015. 
Photo by U.S. Embassy Addis Ababa; CC BY-ND 2.0. 
Ethiopian singer Tewodros Kassahun’s most anticipated and highly promoted studio album was released to great fanfare at the beginning of May 2017. 
The album also includes a song with lyrics in a coded language, which is being interpreted by some as a rebuke to his detractors. 
Ever since he caught the public's attention with his debut album in early 2001, Teddy Afro has been a household name in Ethiopia. 
He is a melodic singer and prolific songwriter. 
“Ethiopia”, a single that appeared on his new album, racked up millions of views on YouTube as soon as it was released. 
Within a period of just 1 week, the single audio music of #TedyAfro, #Ethiopia has reached 1.9 million views on YouTube. 
Ground Breaking! pic.twitter.com/wblFYOp9iY — ሚክያስ (@MickyEthiopia) April 25, 2017 
The recurring theme in Afro's albums, is the need to nurture countrywide harmony, unity, and love which transcend ethnic and religious boundaries in his beloved Ethiopia. 
Expanding upon this foundation, this latest album solidifies this message, both in thematic content and lyrics. 
While the album is mainly an Amharic language pop music offering, some segments of lyrics are inserted into his Amharic songs from other Ethiopian languages, such as Afan Oromo, Tigeregna, and Sidama, which all reflect the singer’s philosophy and interests. 
He blends his version of reggae with Ethiopian beats, styles, and instruments. 

Yonatan Tesfaye. 
Photo shared on Twitter by Eyasped Tesfaye @eyasped 
This week in Ethiopia, two prominent human rights advocates and critics of the ruling government were given long-term prison sentences for "incitement" on Facebook. 
On May 25, Yonatan Tesfaye was sentenced to six years and three months in prison for “inciting” antigovernment protests in nine Facebook updates. 
Breaking: #Ethiopia fed court sentenced former oppos'n Blue party PR head #YonatanTesfaye to six years & 3 months in jail for terrorism pic.twitter.com/LQKqVh1wne — Addis Standard (@addisstandard) May 25, 2017 
The 30-year-old activist has been an outspoken opponent of government’s violent response to the popular protest movement that has challenged Ethiopia’s ruling party and government since 2015. 
Yonatan had previously served as a press officer for the leading opposition Blue Party before resigning in 2015. 
Yonatan was jailed for nine Facebook posts that expressed solidarity with the protesters, called for open dialogue and pleaded for an end to the violence. 
The day before his sentencing, Yonatan’s former colleague Getachew Shiferaw, was found guilty of inciting violence for a private message he sent to colleagues through his Facebook messenger app. 
The former editor-in-chief of opposition newspaper Negere Ethiopia, Getachew was sentenced to one year and six months in prison: 
Breaking- #Ethiopia court sentenced #GetachewShiferaw, editor-in-chief of Negere Ethiopia NP, to 1yr & half in jail, time he already served pic.twitter.com/Pzp3dXCK6A — Addis Standard (@addisstandard) May 26, 2017 
The Facebook message that allegedly contained inciting content made reference to a heckling incident targeting late Prime Minister Meles Zenawi at a 2012 symposium in Washington, D.C. In the message Getachew wrote, “since the political space in Ethiopia is closed heckling Ethiopian authorities on public events should be a standard practice.” 
These cases are among many others of less well-known citizens who have spoken out against the regime's violent targeting of protesters demanding protections for land rights and other fundamental freedoms. 
According to Human Rights Watch, at least 800 people have died at the hands of Ethiopian police, and thousands of political opponents have been imprisoned and tortured during the protests. 
Facebook, along with other social media platforms, has had a central role in interactions between authorities and protesters. 
Ethiopian authorities have blamed social media for waves of protests that began in April 2014 and have continued ever since. 
In October 2016, Facebook was blocked in Ethiopia as part of the government's state of emergency. 
Although it is difficult to know the precise number of detainees, dozens of arrests appear to have been triggered by a person posting, liking or sharing a post on Facebook. 
Others have been arrested for communicating with diaspora-based activists through Facebook messages. 
These cases have been compounded by an increasingly common practice in which Ethiopian authorities demand that detainees divulge their Facebook logins and passwords. 
In some cases, people have been arrested before being charged, forced to hand over their Facebook credentials, and then charged based on what authorities find in their accounts. 
Police will arrest activists, force them to hand over their Facebook credentials, and then charge them based on what they find in their private message logs. 
Getachew was charged with “inciting violence” after he was forced to give his username and password of his Facebook page. 
The private chat texts on his Facebook message were presented as evidence in his charge sheet. 
Whatever the court decides, friends and family members of Yonatan and Getachew wanted the case to end. So, they would learn their fate, to take their fight to the next stage. 
But their case, like so many others court cases, had been delayed. 
In Ethiopia, it is not uncommon for court cases involving bloggers journalists and politicians to take longer than other cases. 
This causes exhaustion for defendants and brings pain to their loved ones. 
Yonatan and Getachew each spent 18 months in jail before they learned their fate. 
They were brought before the court at least a dozen times. 
Their private Facebook accounts were laid bare by authorities. 
Judges failed to appear in court, and police failed to bring defendants to court on their trial days, causing their cases to drag on for 18 months. 
Facebook has been a critical platform for Ethiopian activists and rights advocates working to document and communicate human rights violations. 
This makes the experience of Yonatan and Getachew an especially chilling story for Ethiopians. 

Screenshot from report 'Ethiopians in Saudi Arabia are complaining about the slow performance of their Embassy' on Ethiotube. 
Thousands of Ethiopian migrant workers in Saudi Arabia have pleaded to the Ethiopian government to expedite their return by helping them prepare documents to secure exit visas, as the Gulf country prepares to begin deporting as many as half a million Ethiopians. 
It has been nearly three months since the Saudi Arabian government gave 90 days to all unauthorized migrant workers in Saudi Arabia to leave the country. 
Saudi Arabia and neighbouring Qatar are among the few countries in the world that force foreign workers to secure exit visas before they leave the country. 
In order to secure the visas, other documents must also be in order. 
As the Ethiopian Satellite Television and Radio (ESAT) outlet run from outside Ethiopia reported: 
Since Saudi officials announced those with illegal status to leave the country Ethiopian immigrants are strongly accusing Ethiopian embassy in Saudi Arabia for not helping them to return to Ethiopia. 
Yet roughly a week until the 90 days grace period ends and after months of bureaucratic delays at the Ethiopian Embassy in Saudi Arabia, only 80,000 Ethiopians were able to get travel documents that will legally help them exit the country. 
of the estimated 400,000 undocumented #Ethiopians living in #SaudiArabia, only 80, 000+ "secured exit visas"; 11 days for amnesty to expire pic.twitter.com/T2s3w9wEOz — Addis Standard (@addisstandard) June 15, 2017 
An estimated 750,000 Ethiopian migrants live in Saudi Arabia, among which a significant majority are unauthorized workers. 
Ethiopians enter to Saudi Arabia through various channels. 
Some traveled as authorized workers on planes but more people enter the country by land with the help of smugglers. 
There are also some who remained in the country after they travelled there for the Islamic pilgrimage to Mecca. 
So far, only 30,000 migrants were shuttled back to Ethiopia. 
However, with the current pace of repatriation, most migrants will still be in Saudi Arabia when the grace period ends. 
Saudi authorities have said they will start to raid and deport migrant workers on June 30. 
In 2013 when Saudi authorities engaged in similar operations, Ethiopian migrants were the victims of deadly physical assaults. 
Workers who sought to return to Ethiopia were held in makeshift detention centers without adequate food or shelter. 
During the 2013 deportation, Ethiopians used social media to organize their protest against Saudi Arabia. 
Despite these hardships and the Ethiopian government's promises of a swift resettlement, there are migrants who do not want to return to Ethiopia, where there are few economic opportunities. 
It is horrifying that most Ethiopians have not shown an interest in returning home despite risk of violence. 
As the workers fret for their futures, the Ethiopian government has pledged to cut by half the price of a plane ticket home for those who will fly with Ethiopian Airlines, as well as offering resettlement and jobs upon arrival. 
Most view these as false promises however. 

Screenshot from one the more melancholic music videos of Teferi Mekonen viewed more than 200,000 times from the group's YouTube channel. 
Over the past year, what activists call "resistance songs" have flooded a tiny corner of the Ethiopian internet. 
But as political music has become more visible in public life and online, Ethiopian authorities have expanded their political repression tactics to musicians whom they see as sympathizers with opposition. 
Since December 2016, multiple popular Ethiopian musicians aligned with the country's growing opposition movement have been arrested and jailed. 
Last month, the prominent group of rising start singer Seenaa Solomon was charged with terrorism for "inciting" lyrics and uploading their music video to YouTube. 
The contentious political environment in which these arrests took place has grown out of the Ethiopian government's plan to expand Addis Ababa, the nation's capital. 
In 2014, the ruling EPRDF party announced plans to expand the capital into adjacent farm lands of Oromia, Ethiopia’s largest region that is primarily home to the country's largest ethnic group, the Oromo. 
The plan led to wide-scale protests and a violent government crackdown, ultimately resulting in a state of emergency declared in October 2016 and still effective today. 
Some say the state of emergency, which was extended to four more months in March 2017 has brought some calm after two years of political unrest. 
While the state of emergency may be curbing the demonstrations, feelings and narratives of resistance remain alive and well. 
And Afan Oromo (the region's language) musicians have begun to rise as a visible — and audible — driving inspiration for the opposition movement. 
Large numbers of YouTube channels and Facebook pages have sprung up, documenting the cultural aspects of the protest. 
Websites and blogs frequently post resistance songs. 
On YouTube, channels carrying montages of protest images linked to the resistance songs regularly garner hundreds of thousands of views. 
Addis Ababa in the late afternoon. 
Photo by Amanda Lichtenstein. 
Offline, street CD vendors and small CD rental shops are part of an informal chain of supply of resistance songs for Ethiopians who don’t have internet access. 
The government has tried all methods to censor ‘resistance songs’. 
It has arrested singers, denied them gigs and even driven them out of Ethiopia. 
It haas blocked YouTube channels and jammed diaspora-based satellite television stations. 

The outlet of the Blue Nile River. 
CC BY 2.0 
Since 2012, an invasive weed known as the water hyacinth has been subsuming tens of thousands of acreage of the surface of Lake Tana, as well as adjacent wetlands and ranches surrounding the lake. 
About two million Ethiopians directly depend on the lake as well as adjacent wetlands and ranches for their livelihood, according to Nature And Biodiversity Conservation Union (NABU), a German non-governmental organization focused on sustainability and conservation in the region. 
The steady growth of the water hyacinth has taken a toll, particularly on the western side of the lake, an area populated by fishermen, farmers, and ranchers whose work depends on it. 
The vast, 832-square-mile body of water is Ethiopia's largest lake, and is packed with ecological, cultural and historical charm. 
It is situated in the highlands of Ethiopia’s second-largest region, Amhara administrative state. 
Ecologically, Lake Tana is home to rare and endangered bird species such as the black-crowned crane and also hosts several migratory birds. 
Lake Tana is also notable for being the headwaters of the Blue Nile river that flows westward before it merges with White Nile at Khartoum, Sudan’s Capital. 
Now, the lake is a very different symbol — of the dire state of Ethiopia’s natural resources at a time when the country’s fast-growing population needs more of everything. 
According to experts who spoke to government media, the water hyacinth has grown nearly 100 percent from 2012 to about 155 square miles, though a relatively dry winter season in 2016 slowed its expansion. 
The spread of this invasive alien species is the result of human activity around Lake Tana. 
According to a paper written by two academicians, the rapid growth of the pernicious weed is caused by the inflow of nutrient rich water from urban and agricultural runoff and products of industrial waste, threatening other Ethiopian lakes as well such as Lake Hawasa, and Lake Zeway. 
Since 2015, UNESCO has recognized Lake Tana as a World Heritage site for its unique ecological biosphere reserve, due to NABU's efforts to secure this status as part of its conservation efforts in the region. 
UNESCO also recognizes the islands' rich historical, cultural and religious significance with deep ties to the Ethiopian Coptic Orthodox Church. 
The lake is also home to historical monasteries and churches. 
Their relatively isolated location on islands has aided their preservation, but as the menacing water hyacinth threatens to clog the entire lake, their survival is at stake as well as the livelihoods of all who live near and depend on Lake Tana as a natural resource. 

The Borana: catch the colour. 
The Borana people live in Ethiopia's Oromia region. 
Photo by Carsten ten Brink via Flickr. 
CC BY 2.0 
Ethnic tensions between Ethiopia’s two regions, Oromia and Somali erupted into violent conflict that killed at least dozens of people and drove thousands of men, women and children from their homes during the second week of September 2017. 
Reports on social media about the death toll and displacement of people are wildly different depending on who reports them. 
Pro-government journalists based in the capital Addis Ababa reported dozens of deaths while diaspora-based media put the number much higher. 
However, both reported that thousands of people were displaced. 
A referendum still reverberates 14 years later 
The longest border in Ethiopia is shared between Oromia and Ethiopian Somali region, which are respectively the country's first and second largest administrative regions by area. 
Tension has been simmering for years along this border which led to intermittent clashes involving mostly Oromos and Somalis. 
In 1994 an opposition political party known as Oromo Liberation Front (OLF) accused the Ethiopian Somali Region of infringing into the south-eastern provinces of Oromia Region. 
OLF was eventually labeled as a terrorist organization by the Ethiopian regime. 
In June 2000, OLF reported that at least 70 people were killed in an armed conflict that ensued between Oromos and Somalis. 
In December 2003, a violent clash over scarce water and land resources led to the displacement of 19,000 people in the border. 
In 2004, the Ethiopian government held a referendum to settle the territorial dispute. 
The official results of the referendum gave about 80 percent of the disputed districts to Oromia Regional State. 
But in December 2005, all hell broke loose when the federal government attempted to enforce the results of the vote. 
According to Relief Web International, tens of thousands of people have been displaced from both regions forcing the Ethiopian government to defer to transfer of the districts that have voted to be redistricted as part of Oromia Regional State. 
Things remained relatively quiet since then. 
How did the latest conflict begin? 
In April 2017, violent conflicts were reported in the southern border town of Moyale where members from both Oromo and Ethiopian Somali ethnic groups were killed. 
The cause of the violence again was scarce water and land resources. 
During the same month, the Ethiopian government announced that the two regions have agreed to rearrange their boundaries per the outcome of the 2004 referendum. 
This was when the conflict picked up and reached the level of violence that was last seen in 2005. 
Authorities and activists from both Oromia and Ethiopia-Somali started to trade accusations of unleashing paramilitary groups against civilians. 
While most Oromo activists on social media refuse to view the latest conflict in ethnic terms, the civilians caught in the conflict are actually divided largely along ethnic lines. 
Last week, at least 32 people were killed both in Oromia and Somali regions. Thousands of Oromos have been fleeing the Somali Region as they have come to be a target of violence. 
What has the Federal Government done about it? 
According to the state media, the Federal Government has stepped in to protect civilians. 
However, many see the government’s role with suspicion. 
Some even accused the government of deliberately stoking tensions and exploiting political fissures among different ethnic groups in the country to control the growing discontent in Ethiopia. 
Over the last three years, thousands across Ethiopia mainly in the Oromia and Amhara regions rose up, demanding more political freedoms and social equality and a stop to government land grabs. 
The government's response was swift and brutal which led to mass arrests and killings. 
Ethiopia is a one-party state in which the ruling Ethiopian People's Revolutionary Democratic Front (EPRDF) monopolizes power. 
The EPRDF, however, is a coalition of four ethnic-based parties: Amhara National Democratic Movement (ANDM), Oromo People's Democratic Organization (OPDO), Southern Ethiopian People's Democratic Movement (SEPDM) and Tigrayan People's Liberation Front (TPLF). However, the TPLF is the core of the EPRDF, holding absolute power over the last quarter of a century by controlling the intelligence, security and military apparatus of the country. 
Member parties of the EPRDF govern four of the nine ethnically federated regional states; the remaining five states are administrated by the respective ethnic-based parties that share the same ideology with EPRDF albeit they are not part of the coalition. 
Critics allege that since members of the TPLF are among the most high-ranking military officers who control the nation's security they are the de facto rulers of these regions. 
Many Oromos fervently blame the TPLF for manufacturing the conflict by pitting the Ethiopian Somalis against the Oromos. 
They are convinced that the conflict is the work of TPLF military personnel that are based in Somali region. 
Other Ethiopians tend to blame Ethiopia’s ethnic based federal government structure that defined communities based on ethnic identity. 
Meet the parties at the center of the conflict 
The violence this year has created a bitter dispute between Somali and Oromo politicians on a scale not seen before. 
Many Oromo politicians and opposition activists attribute much of the violence to a paramilitary group known as ‘Liyou Police’. 
They both claim that ‘Liyou Police’ is no longer an anti-insurgency military group limited in Somali region. 
However, Oromo opposition activists take their allegation a little further by describing ‘Liyou Police’ as an invading force that enjoy the overt assistance of Tigrayan military personnel. 
One of the primary demands of the protest that was held in August 2017 was the removal of 'Liyou Police' from disputed districts in Oromia. 
In fact, an accusation of such violence is nothing new for Liyou Police. 
Past reports of Human Rights Watch frequently mentioned the human rights violations allegedly committed by ‘Liyou Police’ such as indiscriminate killings, gang rapes, arbitrary arrests and maltreatment in Somali region 
'Liyou Police’ was created in 2007, after some sections of the Somalis from the Ogaden clan took up arms against Ethiopian government, alleging mistreatment under the Tigrayan-dominated government of Ethiopia. 
The Ogaden clan members of Ethiopian Somali have long had grievances against the Ethiopian government. 
They account for 80 to 90 percent of the Somali population in Ethiopia. 
Pastoralists drive their goats towards Gode in Ethiopia's Somali region. 
Photo by Andrew Heavens via Flickr. 
CC BY 2.0 
Though it has been obscured by the escalation of their conflict with the federal government, there is also a strong internal conflict among the Somalis themselves. 
There are moderate and radical members of the Ogaden clan. 
While some demand greater autonomy, others seek an outright independence. 
Still, there are others who have aligned themselves with the Ethiopian regime. 
To crush the insurgent members of the Ogaden clan, the Ethiopian government has tapped members of the 'Liyou Police’. 
From his early days as a leader of the ‘Liyou Police’, Abdi Mohamud Omar, or better known as Abdi Illey, eventually became the president of the region. 
Abdi Illey, a member of Ogaden clan himself, has helped the Ethiopian government to launch a crackdown against the insurgents. 
Since the latest escalation of the conflict, his communications team has been lashing out at Oromo officials of the ruling EPRDF party. 
On their Facebook page, Abdi Illey’s communications team has accused top OPDO officials of being terrorists by linking them with the diaspora-based Oromo activists 
On their part, OPDO officials have rejected the allegations and appealed to the federal government to prosecute the culprits. 
Will the conflict stop anytime soon? 
After weeks of trading accusations, the presidents of the two regions, Mr. Lemma Megersa and Mr. Abdi Mohamud Omar held a press conference in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia’s capital on September 17, 2017. 
They both insisted the need of stability in the area but they can’t seem to agree on the root causes of the conflict. 
For instance, while Mr. Lemma laid the blame at the door of unnamed individuals, Mr. Abdi implied that top OPDO officials are culpable for the conflict. 
They both clearly absolve the Ethiopian regime of any responsibility. The problem is many Ethiopians especially Oromo activists believe that the Tigrayan-dominated regime is actively involved in the conflict. 
They allege that Ethiopian security officials, who have close ties with the region’s president, Mr. Abdi Mohamud Omar, have a vested interest in Ethiopian Somali Region. 
However, both leaders seem to agree on immediately relocating the displaced people back to their homes. 
But the conflict continues on the ground and even on social media where polarized rhetoric has generated not only confusion but also deliberate distortion of the real issues that caused the violence in the country. 

An Internet Cafe in Vietnam. 
Flickr photo by toyohara (CC BY-NC 2.0) 
A new cybersecurity law in Vietnam may usher in a new era of increased online censorship, privacy-invasive data processing methods, and deprivation of internet connections for organizations and individuals who publish "prohibited" content. 
Critics say the law could worsen attacks on freedom of expression and negatively affect the business prospects of technology companies. 
Drafted by the country’s Ministry of Public Security, the law was passed by the National Assembly on June 12, 2018 despite the rare public opposition expressed by some lawyers and netizens. 
The legislation goes into effect on January 1, 2019. 
The law also places significant regulatory requirements on foreign technology companies. 
Similar to China’s Cybersecurity Law passed in 2017, Vietnam’s new law requires Internet companies to store data locally and establish headquarters or representative offices in Vietnam. 
Article 26 of the law obliges foreign tech companies to: 
“establish mechanisms to verify information when users register their digital accounts”; 
“provide user information to the specialized task force for cyber security protection under the Ministry of Public Security upon receiving written requests”; 
“erase information, prevent the sharing of information that has content” prohibited by the Vietnamese government “within 24 hours of receiving a request” from the Ministry of Information and Communications or Ministry of Public Security; and “not provide or stop providing services on telecommunication networks, Internet, and value-added services for organizations and individuals that publish on cyberspace” content prohibited by the Vietnamese government. 
Human Rights Watch identified some of the broad provisions that could be used by authorities to arrest and detain activists and critics of the state: 
Prohibiting “the use of cyberspace” to “prepare, post, and spread information” that “has the content of propaganda opposing the State of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam,” or “offends the nation, the national flag, the national emblem, the national anthem, great people, leaders, notable people, and national heroes” (Articles 8 and 15); 
Prohibiting the use of cyberspace “to organize, carry out, collude, urge, buy off, dupe, entice, train, or coach people to oppose the State of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam,” or “to distort history, deny revolutionary achievements, undermine national solidarity” (Article 8); 
Prohibiting propaganda against the Socialist Republic of Vietnam, including “psychological warfare,” “defamatory propaganda against the people’s administration,” “false information intended to seriously harm human dignity or honor or cause damage” – but no requirement that the person putting forward the information has to know it is false; “…information that propagandizes, urges, campaigns, incites, threatens, causes division, entices people to gather and cause disruption” (Articles 8 and 15). 
Nguyen Phu Trong, General Secretary of the ruling Communist Party of Vietnam, explained why the law is necessary for the country: 
There are people who take advantage of the Internet to instigate protests and disruptive behavior aimed at overthrowing the government. 
We need this law to protect this regime. 
The government also argued that the law will create tech jobs and enhance the digital economy. 
But Asia Internet Coalition has a different view: 
...these provisions will result in severe limitations on Vietnam’s digital economy, dampening the foreign investment climate and hurting opportunities for local businesses and SMEs to flourish inside and beyond Vietnam. 
Authorities said foreign companies including Google and Facebook say they intend to comply with the new law. 
Amnesty International responded, reminding the companies of their commitments to human rights: 
Your company has a responsibility to respect the right to privacy and freedom of expression. 
This responsibility exists over and above domestic legal requirements. 
Amnesty International calls on your company to challenge the draft law and make known to the Vietnamese government your company’s principled opposition to implementing any requests or directives which violate fundamental human rights. 
The UN High Commissioner for Human Rights in Asia also expressed concern about the law: 
#VIETNAM: @OHCHRASIA is concerned that this law may be used to further crack down on dissenting voices in the country. 
We encourage the Government of Viet Nam to provide an enabling environment where freedom of expression, both online and offline, is protected. — UN Human Rights Asia (@OHCHRAsia) June 14, 2018 
Public protests against the law 
Demonstrators were focused primarily on SEZs, which many believe will allow China to exploit the country’s resources. 
But activists also mobilized support for the campaign against the passage of the proposed Cybersecurity bill. 
Mass protests have taken place in Ho Chi Minh City, Nha Trang and Hanoi against the draft laws on special admin-econ zones and on cyber security. 
Soon dispersed by police, some reported arrests #Vietnam #protest #politics pic.twitter.com/rMRIn6Zrqt — Nga Pham (@ngaphambbc) June 10, 2018 
Activists estimated that more than one hundred people were arrested at the protests, among them a US citizen, William Nguyen. 
On June 11, 74 lawyers submitted a petition to the parliament criticizing the loopholes in the cybersecurity bill which they said violate the human rights provisions enshrined in the country’s Constitution. 
They attached an online petition signed by more than 40,000 citizens calling on the Parliament to reject the bill. 
Despite this rare public display of dissent, the National Assembly deliberated on the Cybersecurity bill on June 12 and passed it with 423 votes of approval and 15 objections while 28 had no opinion on the measure. 
Legislator Nguyen Lan Hieu wanted authorities to specify the agency responsible for deciding whether a piece of online content is deemed illegal and suggested that this should be left in the hands of the courts. 
Vietnam Right Now noted that the emergence of legislative opposition to the bill proves that the measure is divisive and controversial: The sign of some dissent in the National Assembly is an indication of how controversial the new law is seen. 
Even such limited opposition is extremely rare in a body normally seen as a rubber stamp legislature that is selected, directed and manipulated by the Communist party and its affiliate organisations. 
Despite the government’s claims, control is at the heart of the new legislation. 
With Vietnamese offices, the government could pressure companies to administer stricter censorship. 
They could also pressure them into revealing individual dissident identities. 
Data localisation will erode user anonymity and pose a threat to government critics. 
Before the passage of the Cybersecurity Law, Vietnam is notorious for using vague laws to persecute individuals accused of conducting "anti-state propaganda". 
The new law, once it takes effect next year, could legitimize an intensified crackdown on groups and individuals who have been using the Internet to promote religious freedom, environment protection, democratic reforms, civil liberties, and peaceful activism. 

Elections in Madagascar via Madatsara info-graphics. 
(This article was written by guest author Andry R. Razafimbahoaka. 
The article has since been edited by Global Voices to add clarifications and context.) 
Following a decision by the Constitutional High Court to settle the country's political uncertainty and popular dissent, the people of Madagascar are due to vote in elections for a new president before the end of October 2018 at the latest. 
However, many feel that the spotty past of the main presidential candidates leaves much to be desired. 
Between April 15 and 27, 2018, there were anti-government protests in Madagascar's capital, demanding the president's resignation on the grounds of the new electoral laws which the incumbent wanted to implement prior to the election. 
On April 28, the High Constitutional Court of Madagascar decided to order the formation of a new coalition government, combining members from various political parties. 
This government took office on June 12, its mission being to extricate the country from its current political crisis. 
In an effort to assuage the protests, President Hery Rajaonarimampianina named Christian Ntsay, a high-ranking official of the International Labour Organization (ILO), as prime minister (and therefore head of the government). 
Since then, out of 30 ministers, ten or so have been drawn from the opposition. 
As required by Madagascar's constitution, President Rajaonarimampianina must resign two months before the date of the first ballot, and there is a good chance he will be a candidate against two other former presidents, both of them with somewhat controversial pasts. 
Madagascar, a land shaken by repeated crisis 
Painful and constant as they are, Malagasy crises represent a permanent reminder of this country's instability. 
For this shrewd connoisseur of the island's history, all cycles of growth and development have been interrupted by successive political crises. 
Every time Madagascar has drafted a take-off plan, it has been sold short a few years later by a major political crisis which has put a question mark against any positive dynamic under way. 
Since April 21, 2018, opponents of President Hery Rajaonarimampianina have demonstrated against the new electoral law, which they consider disadvantageous to former presidents Marc Ravalomanana and Andry Rajoelina, both principal candidates in the next election. 
This new law could have prevented the two former presidential candidates from running. 
Rajoelina, who heads an advertising company, as well as private media entities, would have been prevented from contesting the election because of the restrictions over use of the media, and certain rules concerning campaign financing. 
These two sections were eventually scratched from the final electoral law proposal. 
But according to Mireille Razafindrakoto, research director at the Institute of Research for Development (IRD), the main preoccupation of the voting population is worsening poverty. 
Even if Hery Rajaonarimamapianina has succeeded in re-establishing the flow of aid from the international community, he has not managed to stem the crisis. 
As is often the case in Madagascar, the political and economic crises are closely intertwined: the country has been marred into poverty for the last decade, with repeated political strifes in between. 
Former President Marc Ravalomana 
Had this happened, it would have provided the final verdict between the two candidates with the most votes in the first round of ballot. 
Ravalomanana argues that since he already obtained more than 50% of the votes, there was no need for a second round of ballot since he already won. 
In 2008, against the will of a significant portion of the population, Marc Ravalomana mooted the potential 90-year lease of 1.3 million hectares of land to the South Korean firm, Daewoo Logistics. 
Then, in 2009, the country was lashed by the world financial crisis. 
Street protest movements, lasting several months, finally led to his resignation on March 17, 2009, and his subsequent exile in South Africa. 
Andry Rajoelina, former "President of the Transition" 
On that day, the army passed power over to Andry Rajoelina, who had been the mayor of Antananarivo from 2007 to 2009. 
He was obliged to form a coalition government with the supporters of former presidents Marc Ravalomanana, Didier Ratsiraka and Albert Zafy. 
Having been handed power by the military, the international community pressured Rajoelina into giving up the presidency and organizing elections; he did so only in 2013. 
Over the course of his four-year term, poverty increased to an alarming degree, with zero or negative economic growth. 
Rajoelina hopes, no doubt, to avenge this decision by standing in this year's elections. 
In this context, the next presidential election shows every sign of bringing another stormy episode to political life in Madagascar. 

Picture of Fidaa Itani taken from his Facebook profile. Photo credit: Wassim Naboulsi 
A Lebanese journalist was convicted in absentia of defaming acting Minister of Foreign Affairs and Emigrants Gebran Bassil in a Facebook post. 
A court in the western Lebanese city of Baabda sentenced Fidaa Itani to four months in prison and a fine of 10 million Lebanese lira (roughly USD $6660) on June 29, 2018. 
Fidaa Itani is a journalist who focuses on Syria and the refugee crisis. 
The Facebook post in question leveraged a complex critique of political and military actions by various powerful actors in Lebanon. 
Itani decried raids carried out by the Lebanese army in Arsal last year, which resulted in the death of Syrian citizens in detention. 
He also criticized the continuous nationalist push for the forced removal of refugees on Lebanese territories. Itani went on to express concern about the Lebanese political party and militant group Hezbollah. Itani has publicly opposed Hezbollah's military intervention in Syria on behalf of the Assad regime. 
Shortly thereafter, lawyers for the army and the presidency filed a lawsuit against Itani. 
On top of this, he began receiving direct threats from people associated with Hezbollah. 
In short order, he fled the country and sought exile in the UK. 
In an interview with the francophone Lebanese newspaper L'Orient le Jour, Itani explained that the original suit, filed by lawyers claiming to represent the Lebanese president and the army, seems to have vanished and now been replaced by the case brought by Gebran Bassil. 
Although it seems that Gebran Bassil volunteered to institute an action in their stead. 
Itani also said that he had not received official confirmation of the sentence, and only heard the news from media reports. 
He also told Maharat Foundation, a free speech NGO, that acting Minister Bassil has filed a total of nine cases against him, including this one. 
Reacting on both Facebook and Twitter, Fidaa Itani was unsurprisingly critical of the judge's decision. 
Sharing an article citing his prison sentence, he commented: "More repression and more robberies." 
The sentence of Itani was reported, criticized and denounced by some Lebanese and international organizations. 
In an email sent to reporters, Bassam Khawaja, Lebanon researcher at Human Rights Watch, said: 
Sentencing a journalist to four months in prison for a critical Facebook post is an outrageous attack on free speech that lays bare the lack of meaningful protections for freedom of expression in Lebanon. 
Lebanon’s new parliament should act quickly to abolish laws that criminalize defamation, which are disproportionate, unnecessary, and violate international human rights law. 
Indeed, Lebanon's penal code criminalizes defamation and makes special provisions against insulting the president, the flag, and other public officials. 
The country's military code criminalizes "insulting the flag or army". 
These offenses all are punishable with fines and prison time, and offer no special exception for journalistic work. 
According to Freedom House 2016 Report on Lebanon: 
Lebanese journalists complain that media laws are chaotic, contradictory, and ambiguously worded. 
Provisions concerning the media, which justify the prosecution of journalists, can be found in the penal code, the Publications Law, the 1994 Audiovisual Media Law, and the military justice code. 
Rising pressure on free expression in Lebanon 
In Lebanon's legal landscape, court cases against journalists are not a new phenomenon, but such incidents have multiplied in recent months, with a smattering of charges against journalists, TV show hosts, and commentators. 
On January 24, 2018, TV comedy show host Hisham Haddad was prosecuted for making jokes at the expense of Prime Minister Saad Hariri and Saudi crown prince Mohammad Bin Salman. 
In March 2018, the owner of the website Lebanon Debate was sentenced to six months in prison and was ordered to pay 10 million Lebanese Lira, after being found guilty of libel in a case brought by the Director General of Customs. 
In November 2017, prominent Lebanese TV host Marcel Ghanem was prosecuted for obstruction of justice after he resisted charges brought against two of his guests, both Saudi journalists, who denounced Lebanese President Aoun and Minister Bassil of being "Hezbollah's partner in terrorism." 
The case against Ghanem was dropped. 
In another article written by L'Orient Le Jour, Marcel Ghanem was reported saying that the arrests of journalists and their convictions was the result of "muzzling practiced by the ruling powers under the cover of the struggle against terrorism or Israel". 
But public prosecutors are not the only legal entities bringing charges of defamation and libel against media workers. 
On January 10, 2018, the Lebanon's notoriously harsh military court sentenced in absentia Lebanese journalist and researcher Hanin Ghaddar for defaming the Lebanese army at a conference held in the USA in 2014. 
Her sentence was later overturned. 
Ten days later, military intelligence summoned human rights defender Ovada Yousef over Facebook posts. 
Yousef told Human Rights Watch that he was detained by the military and police for four days. 
Maharat Foundation, a media and free speech NGO, has called for Lebanese judicial authorities to take into account the right of criticism against public persons: 
Maharat also calls on the new parliament to speed up the reforms it has introduced with the MP Ghassan Mukhaiber, notably the abolition of the prison sentence and the preventive detention of anyone expressing his opinion by any means, including the Internet, and broadening the concept of public criticism. 
Time will tell if their initiative amounts to real change in the country's free speech environment. 

