(Mechanical noises) (Music) (Applause) 

I would like to share with you a new model of higher education, a model that, once expanded, can enhance the collective intelligence of millions of creative and motivated individuals that otherwise would be left behind. 
Look at the world. 
Pick up a place and focus on it. 
You will find humans chasing higher education. 
Let's meet some of them. 
Patrick. 
Patrick was born in Liberia to a family of 20 children. 
During the civil war, he and his family were forced to flee to Nigeria. 
There, in spite of his situation, he graduated high school with nearly perfect grades. 
He wanted to continue to higher education, but due to his family living on the poverty line, he was soon sent to South Africa to work and send back money to feed his family. 
Patrick never gave up his dream of higher education. 
Late at night, after work, he surfed the Net looking for ways to study. 
Meet Debbie. 
Debbie is from Florida. 
Her parents didn't go to college, and neither did any of her siblings. 
Debbie has worked all her life, pays taxes, supports herself month to month, proud of the American dream, a dream that just won't be complete without higher education. 
But Debbie doesn't have the savings for higher education. 
She can't pay the tuition. 
Neither could she leave work. 
Meet Wael. 
Wael is from Syria. 
He's firsthand experiencing the misery, fear and failure imposed on his country. 
He's a big believer in education. 
He knew that if he would find an opportunity for higher education, an opportunity to get ahead of the rest, he has a better chance to survive in a world turned upside down. 
The higher education system failed Patrick, Debbie and Wael, exactly as it is failing millions of potential students, millions that graduate high school, millions that are qualified for higher education, millions that want to study yet cannot access for various reasons. 
First, financial. 
Universities are expensive. We all know it. 
In large parts of the world, higher education is unattainable for an average citizen. 
This is probably the biggest problem facing our society. 
Higher education stopped being a right for all and became a privilege for the few. 
Second, cultural. 
Students who are qualified for higher education, can afford, want to study, cannot because it is not decent, it is not a place for a woman. 
This is the story of countless women in Africa, for example, prevented from higher education because of cultural barriers. 
And here comes the third reason: UNESCO stated that in 2025, 100 million students will be deprived from higher education simply because there will not be enough seats to accommodate them, to meet the demand. 
They will take a placement test, they will pass it, but they still won't have access because there are no places available. 
These are the reasons I founded University of the People, a nonprofit, tuition-free, degree-granting university to give an alternative, to create an alternative to those who have no other, an alternative that will be affordable and scalable, an alternative that will disrupt the current education system, open the gates to higher education for every qualified student regardless of what they earn, where they live, or what society says about them. 

Growing up in Taiwan as the daughter of a calligrapher, one of my most treasured memories was my mother showing me the beauty, the shape and the form of Chinese characters. 
Ever since then, I was fascinated by this incredible language. 
But to an outsider, it seems to be as impenetrable as the Great Wall of China. 
Over the past few years, I've been wondering if I can break down this wall, so anyone who wants to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated language could do so. 
I started thinking about how a new, fast method of learning Chinese might be useful. 
Since the age of five, I started to learn how to draw every single stroke for each character in the correct sequence. 
I learned new characters every day during the course of the next 15 years. 
Since we only have five minutes, it's better that we have a fast and simpler way. 
A Chinese scholar would understand 20,000 characters. 
You only need 1,000 to understand the basic literacy. 
The top 200 will allow you to comprehend 40 percent of basic literature — enough to read road signs, restaurant menus, to understand the basic idea of the web pages or the newspapers. 
Today I'm going to start with eight to show you how the method works. 
You are ready? 
Open your mouth as wide as possible until it's square. 
You get a mouth. 
This is a person going for a walk. 
Person. 
If the shape of the fire is a person with two arms on both sides, as if she was yelling frantically, "" Help! I'm on fire! "" — This symbol actually is originally from the shape of the flame, but I like to think that way. Whichever works for you. 
This is a tree. 
Tree. 
This is a mountain. 
The sun. 
The moon. 
The symbol of the door looks like a pair of saloon doors in the wild west. 
I call these eight characters radicals. 
They are the building blocks for you to create lots more characters. 
A person. 
If someone walks behind, that is "" to follow. "" As the old saying goes, two is company, three is a crowd. 
If a person stretched their arms wide, this person is saying, "" It was this big. "" The person inside the mouth, the person is trapped. 
He's a prisoner, just like Jonah inside the whale. 
One tree is a tree. Two trees together, we have the woods. 
Three trees together, we create the forest. 
Put a plank underneath the tree, we have the foundation. 
Put a mouth on the top of the tree, that's "" idiot. "" (Laughter) Easy to remember, since a talking tree is pretty idiotic. 
Remember fire? 
Two fires together, I get really hot. 
Three fires together, that's a lot of flames. 
Set the fire underneath the two trees, it's burning. 
For us, the sun is the source of prosperity. 
Two suns together, prosperous. 
Three together, that's sparkles. 
Put the sun and the moon shining together, it's brightness. 
It also means tomorrow, after a day and a night. 
The sun is coming up above the horizon. Sunrise. 
A door. Put a plank inside the door, it's a door bolt. 
Put a mouth inside the door, asking questions. 
Knock knock. Is anyone home? 
This person is sneaking out of a door, escaping, evading. 
On the left, we have a woman. 
Two women together, they have an argument. 
(Laughter) Three women together, be careful, it's adultery. 
So we have gone through almost 30 characters. 
By using this method, the first eight radicals will allow you to build 32. 
The next group of eight characters will build an extra 32. 
So with very little effort, you will be able to learn a couple hundred characters, which is the same as a Chinese eight-year-old. 
So after we know the characters, we start building phrases. 
For example, the mountain and the fire together, we have fire mountain. It's a volcano. 
We know Japan is the land of the rising sun. 
This is a sun placed with the origin, because Japan lies to the east of China. 
So a sun, origin together, we build Japan. 
A person behind Japan, what do we get? 
A Japanese person. 
The character on the left is two mountains stacked on top of each other. 
In ancient China, that means in exile, because Chinese emperors, they put their political enemies in exile beyond mountains. 
Nowadays, exile has turned into getting out. 
A mouth which tells you where to get out is an exit. 
This is a slide to remind me that I should stop talking and get off of the stage. Thank you. 
(Applause) 

In 2011, during the final six months of Kim Jong-Il's life, I lived undercover in North Korea. 
I was born and raised in South Korea, their enemy. 
I live in America, their other enemy. 
Since 2002, I had visited North Korea a few times. 
And I had come to realize that to write about it with any meaning, or to understand the place beyond the regime's propaganda, the only option was total immersion. 
So I posed as a teacher and a missionary at an all-male university in Pyongyang. 
The Pyongyang University of Science and Technology was founded by Evangelical Christians who cooperate with the regime to educate the sons of the North Korean elite, without proselytizing, which is a capital crime there. 
The students were 270 young men, expected to be the future leaders of the most isolated and brutal dictatorship in existence. 
When I arrived, they became my students. 
2011 was a special year, marking the 100th anniversary of the birth of North Korea's original Great Leader, Kim Il-Sung. 
To celebrate the occasion, the regime shut down all universities, and sent students off to the fields to build the DPRK's much-heralded ideal as the world's most powerful and prosperous nation. 
My students were the only ones spared from that fate. 
North Korea is a gulag posing as a nation. 
Everything there is about the Great Leader. 
Every book, every newspaper article, every song, every TV program — there is just one subject. 
The flowers are named after him, the mountains are carved with his slogans. 
Every citizen wears the badge of the Great Leader at all times. 
Even their calendar system begins with the birth of Kim Il-Sung. 
The school was a heavily guarded prison, posing as a campus. 
Teachers could only leave on group outings accompanied by an official minder. 
Even then, our trips were limited to sanctioned national monuments celebrating the Great Leader. 
The students were not allowed to leave the campus, or communicate with their parents. 
Their days were meticulously mapped out, and any free time they had was devoted to honoring their Great Leader. 
Lesson plans had to meet the approval of North Korean staff, every class was recorded and reported on, every room was bugged, and every conversation, overheard. 
Every blank space was covered with the portraits of Kim Il-Sung and Kim Jong-Il, like everywhere else in North Korea. 
We were never allowed to discuss the outside world. 
As students of science and technology, many of them were computer majors but they did not know the existence of the Internet. 
They had never heard of Mark Zuckerberg or Steve Jobs. 
Facebook, Twitter — none of those things would have meant a thing. 
And I could not tell them. 
I went there looking for truth. 
But where do you even start when an entire nation's ideology, my students' day-to-day realities, and even my own position at the universities, were all built on lies? 
I started with a game. 
We played "" Truth and Lie. "" A volunteer would write a sentence on the chalkboard, and the other students had to guess whether it was a truth or a lie. 
Once a student wrote, "" I visited China last year on vacation, "" and everyone shouted, "" Lie! "" They all knew this wasn't possible. 
Virtually no North Korean is allowed to leave the country. 
Even traveling within their own country requires a travel pass. 
I had hoped that this game would reveal some truth about my students, because they lie so often and so easily, whether about the mythical accomplishments of their Great Leader, or the strange claim that they cloned a rabbit as fifth graders. 
The difference between truth and lies seemed at times hazy to them. 
It took me a while to understand the different types of lies; they lie to shield their system from the world, or they were taught lies, and were just regurgitating them. 
Or, at moments, they lied out of habit. 
But if all they have ever known were lies, how could we expect them to be otherwise? 
Next, I tried to teach them essay writing. 
But that turned out to be nearly impossible. 
Essays are about coming up with one's own thesis, and making an evidence-based argument to prove it. 
These students, however, were simply told what to think, and they obeyed. 
In their world, critical thinking was not allowed. 
I also gave them the weekly assignment of writing a personal letter, to anybody. 
It took a long time, but eventually some of them began to write to their mothers, their friends, their girlfriends. 
Although those were just homework, and would never reach their intended recipients, my students slowly began to reveal their true feelings in them. 
They wrote that they were fed up with the sameness of everything. 
They were worried about their future. 
In those letters, they rarely ever mentioned their Great Leader. 
I was spending all of my time with these young men. 
We all ate meals together, played basketball together. 
I often called them gentlemen, which made them giggle. 
They blushed at the mention of girls. 
And I came to adore them. 
And watching them open up even in the tiniest of ways, was deeply moving. 
But something also felt wrong. 
During those months of living in their world, I often wondered if the truth would, in fact, improve their lives. 
I wanted so much to tell them the truth, of their country and of the outside world, where Arab youth were turning their rotten regime inside out, using the power of social media, where everyone except them was connected through the world wide web, which wasn't worldwide after all. 
But for them, the truth was dangerous. 
By encouraging them to run after it, I was putting them at risk — of persecution, of heartbreak. 
When you're not allowed to express anything in the open, you become good at reading what is unspoken. 
In one of their personal letters to me, a student wrote that he understood why I always called them gentlemen. 
It was because I was wishing them to be gentle in life, he said. 
On my last day in December of 2011, the day Kim Jong-Il's death was announced, their world shattered. 
I had to leave without a proper goodbye. 
But I think they knew how sad I was for them. 
Once, toward the end of my stay, a student said to me, "" Professor, we never think of you as being different from us. 
Our circumstances are different, but you're the same as us. 
We want you to know that we truly think of you as being the same. "" Today, if I could respond to my students with a letter of my own, which is of course impossible, I would tell them this: "" My dear gentlemen, It's been a bit over three years since I last saw you. 
And now, you must be 22 — maybe even as old as 23. 
At our final class, I asked you if there was anything you wanted. 
The only wish you expressed, the only thing you ever asked of me in all those months we spent together, was for me to speak to you in Korean. 
Just once. 
I was there to teach you English; you knew it wasn't allowed. 
But I understood then, you wanted to share that bond of our mother tongue. 
I called you my gentlemen, but I don't know if being gentle in Kim Jong-Un's merciless North Korea is a good thing. 
I don't want you to lead a revolution — let some other young person do it. 
The rest of the world might casually encourage or even expect some sort of North Korean Spring, but I don't want you to do anything risky, because I know in your world, someone is always watching. 
I don't want to imagine what might happen to you. 
If my attempts to reach you have inspired something new in you, I would rather you forget me. 
Become soldiers of your Great Leader, and live long, safe lives. 
You once asked me if I thought your city of Pyongyang was beautiful, and I could not answer truthfully then. 
But I know why you asked. 
I know that it was important for you to hear that I, your teacher, the one who has seen the world that you are forbidden from, declare your city as the most beautiful. 
I know hearing that would make your lives there a bit more bearable, but no, I don't find your capital beautiful. 
Not because it's monotone and concrete, but because of what it symbolizes: a monster that feeds off the rest of the country, where citizens are soldiers and slaves. 
All I see there is darkness. 
But it's your home, so I cannot hate it. 
And I hope instead that you, my lovely young gentlemen, will one day help make it beautiful. 
Thank you. 
(Applause) 

Thank you very much, Chris. Everybody who came up here said they were scared. I don't know if I'm scared, but this is my first time of addressing an audience like this. 
And I don't have any smart technology for you to look at. 
There are no slides, so you'll just have to be content with me. 
(Laughter) What I want to do this morning is share with you a couple of stories and talk about a different Africa. 
Already this morning there were some allusions to the Africa that you hear about all the time: the Africa of HIV / AIDS, the Africa of malaria, the Africa of poverty, the Africa of conflict, and the Africa of disasters. 
While it is true that those things are going on, there's an Africa that you don't hear about very much. 
And sometimes I'm puzzled, and I ask myself why. 
This is the Africa that is changing, that Chris alluded to. 
This is the Africa of opportunity. 
This is the Africa where people want to take charge of their own futures and their own destinies. 
And this is the Africa where people are looking for partnerships to do this. That's what I want to talk about today. 
And I want to start by telling you a story about that change in Africa. 
On 15th of September 2005, Mr. Diepreye Alamieyeseigha, a governor of one of the oil-rich states of Nigeria, was arrested by the London Metropolitan Police on a visit to London. 
He was arrested because there were transfers of eight million dollars that went into some dormant accounts that belonged to him and his family. 
This arrest occurred because there was cooperation between the London Metropolitan Police and the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission of Nigeria — led by one of our most able and courageous people: Mr. Nuhu Ribadu. 
Alamieyeseigha was arraigned in London. 
Due to some slip-ups, he managed to escape dressed as a woman and ran from London back to Nigeria where, according to our constitution, those in office as governors, president — as in many countries — have immunity and cannot be prosecuted. But what happened: people were so outraged by this behavior that it was possible for his state legislature to impeach him and get him out of office. 
Today, Alams — as we call him for short — is in jail. 
This is a story about the fact that people in Africa are no longer willing to tolerate corruption from their leaders. 
This is a story about the fact that people want their resources managed properly for their good, and not taken out to places where they'll benefit just a few of the elite. 
And therefore, when you hear about the corrupt Africa — corruption all the time — I want you to know that the people and the governments are trying hard to fight this in some of the countries, and that some successes are emerging. 
Does it mean the problem is over? The answer is no. 
There's still a long way to go, but that there's a will there. 
And that successes are being chalked up on this very important fight. 
So when you hear about corruption, don't just feel that nothing is being done about this — that you can't operate in any African country because of the overwhelming corruption. That is not the case. 
There's a will to fight, and in many countries, that fight is ongoing and is being won. In others, like mine, where there has been a long history of dictatorship in Nigeria, the fight is ongoing and we have a long way to go. 
But the truth of the matter is that this is going on. 
The results are showing: independent monitoring by the World Bank and other organizations show that in many instances the trend is downwards in terms of corruption, and governance is improving. 
A study by the Economic Commission for Africa showed a clear trend upwards in governance in 28 African countries. 
And let me say just one more thing before I leave this area of governance. 
That is that people talk about corruption, corruption. 
All the time when they talk about it you immediately think about Africa. 
That's the image: African countries. But let me say this: if Alams was able to export eight million dollars into an account in London — if the other people who had taken money, estimated at 20 to 40 billion now of developing countries' monies sitting abroad in the developed countries — if they're able to do this, what is that? Is that not corruption? 
In this country, if you receive stolen goods, are you not prosecuted? 
So when we talk about this kind of corruption, let us also think about what is happening on the other side of the globe — where the money's going and what can be done to stop it. 
I'm working on an initiative now, along with the World Bank, on asset recovery, trying to do what we can to get the monies that have been taken abroad — developing countries' moneys — to get that sent back. 
Because if we can get the 20 billion dollars sitting out there back, it may be far more for some of these countries than all the aid that is being put together. 
(Applause) The second thing I want to talk about is the will for reform. 
Africans, after — they're tired, we're tired of being the subject of everybody's charity and care. 
We are grateful, but we know that we can take charge of our own destinies if we have the will to reform. 
And what is happening in many African countries now is a realization that no one can do it but us. We have to do it. 
We can invite partners who can support us, but we have to start. 
We have to reform our economies, change our leadership, become more democratic, be more open to change and to information. 
And this is what we started to do in one of the largest countries on the continent, Nigeria. 
In fact, if you're not in Nigeria, you're not in Africa. 
I want to tell you that. 
(Laughter) One in four sub-Saharan Africans is Nigerian, and it has 140 million dynamic people — chaotic people — but very interesting people. You'll never be bored. (Laughter) 
What we started to do was to realize that we had to take charge and reform ourselves. 
And with the support of a leader who was willing, at the time, to do the reforms, we put forward a comprehensive reform program, which we developed ourselves. 
Not the International Monetary Fund. Not the World Bank, where I worked for 21 years and rose to be a vice president. 
No one can do it for you. You have to do it for yourself. 
We put together a program that would, one: get the state out of businesses it had nothing — it had no business being in. 
The state should not be in the business of producing goods and services because it's inefficient and incompetent. 
So we decided to privatize many of our enterprises. 
(Applause) We — as a result, we decided to liberalize many of our markets. 
Can you believe that prior to this reform — which started at the end of 2003, when I left Washington to go and take up the post of Finance Minister — we had a telecommunications company that was only able to develop 4,500 landlines in its entire 30-year history? 
(Laughter) Having a telephone in my country was a huge luxury. 
You couldn't get it. You had to bribe. 
You had to do everything to get your phone. 
When President Obasanjo supported and launched the liberalization of the telecommunications sector, we went from 4,500 landlines to 32 million GSM lines, and counting. 
Nigeria's telecoms market is the second-fastest growing in the world, after China. We are getting investments of about a billion dollars a year in telecoms. And nobody knows, except a few smart people. 
(Laughter) The smartest one, first to come in, was the MTN company of South Africa. 
And in the three years that I was Finance Minister, they made an average of 360 million dollars profit per year. 
360 million in a market — in a country that is a poor country, with an average per capita income just under 500 dollars per capita. 
So the market is there. 
When they kept this under wraps, but soon others got to know. 
Nigerians themselves began to develop some wireless telecommunications companies, and three or four others have come in. 
But there's a huge market out there, and people don't know about it, or they don't want to know. 
So privatization is one of the things we've done. 
The other thing we've also done is to manage our finances better. 
Because nobody's going to help you and support you if you're not managing your own finances well. 
And Nigeria, with the oil sector, had the reputation of being corrupt and not managing its own public finances well. 
So what did we try to do? We introduced a fiscal rule that de-linked our budget from the oil price. 
Before we used to just budget on whatever oil we bring in, because oil is the biggest, most revenue-earning sector in the economy: 70 percent of our revenues come from oil. 
We de-linked that, and once we did it, we began to budget at a price slightly lower than the oil price and save whatever was above that price. 
We didn't know we could pull it off; it was very controversial. 
But what it immediately did was that the volatility that had been present in terms of our economic development — where, even if oil prices were high, we would grow very fast. 
When they crashed, we crashed. 
And we could hardly even pay anything, any salaries, in the economy. 
That smoothened out. We were able to save, just before I left, 27 billion dollars. Whereas — and this went to our reserves — when I arrived in 2003, we had seven billion dollars in reserves. 
By the time I left, we had gone up to almost 30 billion dollars. And as we speak now, we have about 40 billion dollars in reserves due to proper management of our finances. 
And that shores up our economy, makes it stable. 
Our exchange rate that used to fluctuate all the time is now fairly stable and being managed so that business people have a predictability of prices in the economy. 
We brought inflation down from 28 percent to about 11 percent. 
And we had GDP grow from an average of 2.3 percent the previous decade to about 6.5 percent now. 
So all the changes and reforms we were able to make have shown up in results that are measurable in the economy. 
And what is more important, because we want to get away from oil and diversify — and there are so many opportunities in this one big country, as in many countries in Africa — what was remarkable is that much of this growth came not from the oil sector alone, but from non-oil. 
Agriculture grew at better than eight percent. 
As telecoms sector grew, housing and construction, and I could go on and on. And this is to illustrate to you that once you get the macro-economy straightened out, the opportunities in various other sectors are enormous. 
We have opportunities in agriculture, like I said. 
We have opportunities in solid minerals. We have a lot of minerals that no one has even invested in or explored. And we realized that without the proper legislation to make that possible, that wouldn't happen. So we've now got a mining code that is comparable with some of the best in the world. 
We have opportunities in housing and real estate. 
There was nothing in a country of 140 million people — no shopping malls as you know them here. 
This was an investment opportunity for someone that excited the imagination of people. 
And now, we have a situation in which the businesses in this mall are doing four times the turnover that they had projected. 
So, huge things in construction, real estate, mortgage markets. Financial services: we had 89 banks. Too many not doing their real business. 
We consolidated them from 89 to 25 banks by requiring that they increase their capital — share capital. 
And it went from about 25 million dollars to 150 million dollars. 
The banks — these banks are now consolidated, and that strengthening of the banking system has attracted a lot of investment from outside. 
Barclays Bank of the U.K. is bringing in 500 million. 
Standard Chartered has brought in 140 million. 
And I can go on. Dollars, on and on, into the system. 
We are doing the same with the insurance sector. 
So in financial services, a great deal of opportunity. 
In tourism, in many African countries, a great opportunity. 
And that's what many people know East Africa for: the wildlife, the elephants, and so on. 
But managing the tourism market in a way that can really benefit the people is very important. 
So what am I trying to say? I'm trying to tell you that there's a new wave on the continent. 
A new wave of openness and democratization in which, since 2000, more than two-thirds of African countries have had multi-party democratic elections. 
Not all of them have been perfect, or will be, but the trend is very clear. 
I'm trying to tell you that since the past three years, the average rate of growth on the continent has moved from about 2.5 percent to about five percent per annum. 
This is better than the performance of many OECD countries. 
So it's clear that things are changing. 
Conflicts are down on the continent; from about 12 conflicts a decade ago, we are down to three or four conflicts — one of the most terrible, of course, of which is Darfur. 
And, you know, you have the neighborhood effect where if something is going on in one part of the continent, it looks like the entire continent is affected. 
But you should know that this continent is not — is a continent of many countries, not one country. 
And if we are down to three or four conflicts, it means that there are plenty of opportunities to invest in stable, growing, exciting economies where there's plenty of opportunity. 
And I want to just make one point about this investment. 
The best way to help Africans today is to help them to stand on their own feet. 
And the best way to do that is by helping create jobs. 
There's no issue with fighting malaria and putting money in that and saving children's lives. That's not what I'm saying. That is fine. 
But imagine the impact on a family: if the parents can be employed and make sure that their children go to school, that they can buy the drugs to fight the disease themselves. 
If we can invest in places where you yourselves make money whilst creating jobs and helping people stand on their own feet, isn't that a wonderful opportunity? Isn't that the way to go? 
And I want to say that some of the best people to invest in on the continent are the women. 
(Applause) I have a CD here. I'm sorry that I didn't say anything on time. 
Otherwise, I would have liked you to have seen this. 
It says, "" Africa: Open for Business. "" And this is a video that has actually won an award as the best documentary of the year. 
Understand that the woman who made it is going to be in Tanzania, where they're having the session in June. 
But it shows you Africans, and particularly African women, who against all odds have developed businesses, some of them world-class. 
One of the women in this video, Adenike Ogunlesi, making children's clothes — which she started as a hobby and grew into a business. 
Mixing African materials, such as we have, with materials from elsewhere. 
So, she'll make a little pair of dungarees with corduroys, with African material mixed in. Very creative designs, has reached a stage where she even had an order from Wal-Mart. 
(Laughter) For 10,000 pieces. 
So that shows you that we have people who are capable of doing. 
And the women are diligent. They are focused; they work hard. 
I could go on giving examples: Beatrice Gakuba of Rwanda, who opened up a flower business and is now exporting to the Dutch auction in Amsterdam each morning and is employing 200 other women and men to work with her. 
However, many of these are starved for capital to expand, because nobody believes outside of our countries that we can do what is necessary. Nobody thinks in terms of a market. 
Nobody thinks there's opportunity. 
But I'm standing here saying that those who miss the boat now, will miss it forever. 
So if you want to be in Africa, think about investing. 
Think about the Beatrices, think about the Adenikes of this world, who are doing incredible things, that are bringing them into the global economy, whilst at the same time making sure that their fellow men and women are employed, and that the children in those households get educated because their parents are earning adequate income. 
So I invite you to explore the opportunities. 
When you go to Tanzania, listen carefully, because I'm sure you will hear of the various openings that there will be for you to get involved in something that will do good for the continent, for the people and for yourselves. 
Thank you very much. 
(Applause) 

Curiosity and wonder, because it drives us to explore, because we're surrounded by things we can't see. 
And I love to use film to take us on a journey through portals of time and space, to make the invisible visible, because what that does, it expands our horizons, it transforms our perception, it opens our minds and it touches our heart. 
We can see how organisms emerge and grow, how a vine survives by creeping from the forest floor to look at the sunlight. 
And at the grand scale, time lapse allows us to see our planet in motion. 
Each streaking dot represents a passenger plane, and by turning air traffic data into time-lapse imagery, we can see something that's above us constantly but invisible: the vast network of air travel over the United States. 
We can turn data into a time-lapse view of a global economy in motion. 
And decades of data give us the view of our entire planet as a single organism sustained by currents circulating throughout the oceans and by clouds swirling through the atmosphere, pulsing with lightning, crowned by the aurora Borealis. 
At the other extreme, there are things that move too fast for our eyes, but we have technology that can look into that world as well. 
With high-speed cameras, we can do the opposite of time lapse. 
And we can see how nature's ingenious devices work, and perhaps we can even imitate them. 
When a dragonfly flutters by, you may not realize, but it's the greatest flier in nature. 
And by tracking markers on an insect's wings, we can visualize the air flow that they produce. 
And what we learn can lead us to new kinds of robotic flyers that can expand our vision of important and remote places. 
The electron microscope fires electrons which creates images which can magnify things by as much as a million times. 
And there are unseen creatures living all over your body, including mites that spend their entire lives dwelling on your eyelashes, crawling over your skin at night. 
Can you guess what this is? 
An eggshell. 
We think we know most of the animal kingdom, but there may be millions of tiny species waiting to be discovered. 
A spider also has great secrets, because spiders' silk thread is pound for pound stronger than steel but completely elastic. 
This journey will take us all the way down to the nano world. 
The silk is 100 times thinner than human hair. 
On there is bacteria, and near that bacteria, 10 times smaller, a virus. 
Inside of that, 10 times smaller, three strands of DNA. 
With the tip of a powerful microscope, we can actually move atoms and begin to create amazing nano devices. 
Some could one day patrol our body for all kinds of diseases and clean out clogged arteries along the way. 
Tiny chemical machines of the future can one day, perhaps, repair DNA. 
We are on the threshold of extraordinary advances, born of our drive to unveil the mysteries of life. 
So under an endless rain of cosmic dust, the air is full of pollen, micro-diamonds and jewels from other planets and supernova explosions. 
Knowing that there's so much around us we can't see forever changes our understanding of the world, and by looking at unseen worlds, we recognize that we exist in the living universe, and this new perspective creates wonder and inspires us to become explorers in our own backyards. 

Worldwide, over 1.5 billion people experience armed conflict. 
In response, people are forced to flee their country, leaving over 15 million refugees. 
Children, without a doubt, are the most innocent and vulnerable victims... 
but not just from the obvious physical dangers, but from the often unspoken effects that wars have on their families. 
The experiences of war leave children at a real high risk for the development of emotional and behavioral problems. 
Children, as we can only imagine, will feel worried, threatened and at risk. 
But there is good news. 
The quality of care that children receive in their families can have a more significant effect on their well-being than from the actual experiences of war that they have been exposed to. 
So actually, children can be protected by warm, secure parenting during and after conflict. 
In 2011, I was a first-year PhD student in the University of Manchester School of Psychological Sciences. 
Like many of you here, I watched the crisis in Syria unfold in front of me on the TV. 
My family is originally from Syria, and very early on, I lost several family members in really horrifying ways. 
We've all seen those scenes: bombs destroying buildings, chaos, destruction and people screaming and running. 
It was always the people screaming and running that really got me the most, especially those terrified-looking children. 
I was a mother to two young, typically inquisitive children. 
They were five and six then, at an age where they typically asked lots and lots of questions, and expected real, convincing answers. 
So, I began to wonder what it might be like to parent my children in a war zone and a refugee camp. 
Would my daughter's bright, happy eyes lose their shine? 
Would my son's really relaxed and carefree nature become fearful and withdrawn? 
Would I change? 
As psychologists and parent trainers, we know that arming parents with skills in caring for their children can have a huge effect on their well-being, and we call this parent training. 
The question I had was, could parent training programs be useful for families while they were still in war zones or refugee camps? 
Could we reach them with advice or training that would help them through these struggles? 
So I approached my PhD supervisor, Professor Rachel Calam, with the idea of using my academic skills to make some change in the real world. 
She listened carefully and patiently, and then to my joy she said, "" If that's what you want to do, and it means so much to you, then let's do it. 
Let's find ways to see if parent programs can be useful for families in these contexts. "" So for the past five years, myself and my colleagues — Prof. Calam and Dr. Kim Cartwright — have been working on ways to support families that have experienced war and displacement. 
Now, to know how to help families that have been through conflict support their children, the first step must obviously be to ask them what they're struggling with, right? 
But it's often those that are the most vulnerable, that we're trying to support, that we actually don't ask. 
How many times have we just assumed we know exactly the right thing that's going to help someone or something without actually asking them first? 
So I travelled to refugee camps in Syria and in Turkey, and I sat with families, and I listened. 
I listened to their parenting challenges, I listened to their parenting struggles and I listened to their call for help. 
And sometimes that was just paused, as all I could do was hold hands with them and just join them in silent crying and prayer. 
They told me about their struggles, they told me about the rough, harsh refugee camp conditions that made it hard to focus on anything but practical chores like collecting clean water. 
They told me how they watched their children withdraw; the sadness, depression, anger, bed-wetting, thumb-sucking, fear of loud noises, fear of nightmares — terrifying, terrifying nightmares. 
These families had been through what we had been watching on the TV. 
The mothers — almost half of them were now widows of war, or didn't even know if their husbands were dead or alive — described how they felt they were coping so badly. 
They watched their children change and they had no idea how to help them. 
They didn't know how to answer their children's questions. 
What I found incredibly astonishing and so motivational was that these families were so motivated to support their children. 
Despite all these challenges they faced, they were trying to help their children. 
They were making attempts at seeking support from NGO workers, from refugee camp teachers, professional medics, other parents. 
One mother I met had only been in a camp for four days, and had already made two attempts at seeking support for her eight-year-old daughter who was having terrifying nightmares. 
But sadly, these attempts are almost always useless. 
Refugee camp doctors, when available, are almost always too busy, or don't have the knowledge or the time for basic parenting supports. 
Refugee camp teachers and other parents are just like them — part of a new refugee community who's struggling with new needs. 
So then we began to think. 
How could we help these families? 
The families were struggling with things much bigger than they could cope with. 
The Syrian crisis made it clear how incredibly impossible it would be to reach families on an individual level. 
How else could we help them? 
How would we reach families at a population level and low costs in these terrifying, terrifying times? 
After hours of speaking to NGO workers, one suggested a fantastic innovative idea of distributing parenting information leaflets via bread wrappers — bread wrappers that were being delivered to families in a conflict zone in Syria by humanitarian workers. 
So that's what we did. 
The bread wrappers haven't changed at all in their appearance, except for the addition of two pieces of paper. 
One was a parenting information leaflet that had basic advice and information that normalized to the parent what they might be experiencing, and what their child might be experiencing. 
And information on how they could support themselves and their children, such as information like spending time talking to your child, showing them more affection, being more patient with your child, talking to your children. 
The other piece of paper was a feedback questionnaire, and of course, there was a pen. 
So is this simply leaflet distribution, or is this actually a possible means of delivering psychological first aid that provides warm, secure, loving parenting? 
We managed to distribute 3,000 of these in just one week. 
What was incredible was we had a 60 percent response rate. 
60 percent of the 3,000 families responded. 
I don't know how many researchers we have here today, but that kind of response rate is fantastic. 
To have that in Manchester would be a huge achievement, let alone in a conflict zone in Syria — really highlighting how important these kinds of messages were to families. 
I remember how excited and eager we were for the return of the questionnaires. 
The families had left hundreds of messages — most incredibly positive and encouraging. 
But my favorite has got to be, "Thank you for not forgetting about us and our children." 
This really illustrates the potential means of the delivery of psychological first aid to families, and the return of feedback, too. 
Just imagine replicating this using other means such as baby milk distribution, or female hygiene kits, or even food baskets. 
But let's bring this closer to home, because the refugee crisis is one that is having an effect on every single one of us. 
We're bombarded with images daily of statistics and of photos, and that's not surprising, because by last month, over one million refugees had reached Europe. 
One million. 
Refugees are joining our communities, they're becoming our neighbors, their children are attending our children's schools. 
So we've adapted the leaflet to meet the needs of European refugees, and we have them online, open-access, in areas with a really high refugee influx. 
For example, the Swedish healthcare uploaded it onto their website, and within the first 45 minutes, it was downloaded 343 times — really highlighting how important it is for volunteers, practitioners and other parents to have open-access, psychological first-aid messages. 
In 2013, I was sitting on the cold, hard floor of a refugee camp tent with mothers sitting around me as I was conducting a focus group. 
Across from me stood an elderly lady with what seemed to be a 13-year-old girl lying beside her, with her head on the elderly lady's knees. 
The girl stayed quiet throughout the focus group, not talking at all, with her knees curled up against her chest. 
Towards the end of the focus group, and as I was thanking the mothers for their time, the elderly lady looked at me while pointing at the young girl, and said to me, "" Can you help us with...? "" Not quite sure what she expected me to do, I looked at the young girl and smiled, and in Arabic I said, "Salaam alaikum. Shu-ismak?" 
"What's your name?" 
She looked at me really confused and unengaged, but then said, "" Halul. "" Halul is the pet's name for the Arabic female name, Hala, and is only really used to refer to really young girls. 
At that point I realized that actually Hala was probably much older than 13. 
It turns out Hala was a 25-year-old mother to three young children. 
Hala had been a confident, bright, bubbly, loving, caring mother to her children, but the war had changed all of that. 
She had lived through bombs being dropped in her town; she had lived through explosions. 
When fighter jets were flying around their building, dropping bombs, her children would be screaming, terrified from the noise. 
Hala would frantically grab pillows and cover her children's ears to block out the noise, all the while screaming herself. 
When they reached the refugee camp and she knew they were finally in some kind of safety, she completely withdrew to acting like her old childhood self. 
She completely rejected her family — her children, her husband. 
Hala simply could no longer cope. 
This is a parenting struggle with a really tough ending, but sadly, it's not uncommon. 
Those who experience armed conflict and displacement will face serious emotional struggles. 
And that's something we can all relate to. 
If you have been through a devastating time in your life, if you have lost someone or something you really care about, how would you continue to cope? 
Could you still be able to care for yourself and for your family? 
Given that the first years of a child's life are crucial for healthy physical and emotional development, and that 1.5 billion people are experiencing armed conflict — many of whom are now joining our communities — we cannot afford to turn a blind eye to the needs of those who are experiencing war and displacement. 
We must prioritize these families' needs — both those who are internally displaced, and those who are refugees worldwide. 
These needs must be prioritized by NGO workers, policy makers, the WHO, the UNHCR and every single one of us in whatever capacity it is that we function in our society. 
When we begin to recognize the individual faces of the conflict, when we begin to notice those intricate emotions on their faces, we begin to see them as humans, too. 
We begin to see the needs of these families, and these are the real human needs. 
When these family needs are prioritized, interventions for children in humanitarian settings will prioritize and recognize the primary role of the family in supporting children. 
Family mental health will be shouting loud and clear in global, international agenda. 
And children will be less likely to enter social service systems in resettlement countries because their families would have had support earlier on. 
And we will be more open-minded, more welcoming, more caring and more trusting to those who are joining our communities. 
We need to stop wars. 
We need to build a world where children can dream of planes dropping gifts, and not bombs. 
Until we stop armed conflicts raging throughout the world, families will continue to be displaced, leaving children vulnerable. 
But by improving parenting and caregiver support, it may be possible to weaken the links between war and psychological difficulties in children and their families. 
Thank you. 
(Applause) 

When I was 27 years old, I left a very demanding job in management consulting for a job that was even more demanding: teaching. 
I went to teach seventh graders math in the New York City public schools. 
I gave out homework assignments. 
What struck me was that IQ was not the only difference between my best and my worst students. 
After several more years of teaching, I came to the conclusion that what we need in education is a much better understanding of students and learning from a motivational perspective, from a psychological perspective. 
But what if doing well in school and in life depends on much more than your ability to learn quickly and easily? 
I started studying kids and adults in all kinds of super challenging settings, and in every study my question was, who is successful here and why? 
We studied rookie teachers working in really tough neighborhoods, asking which teachers are still going to be here in teaching by the end of the school year, and of those, who will be the most effective at improving learning outcomes for their students? 
Grit is passion and perseverance for very long-term goals. 
I asked thousands of high school juniors to take grit questionnaires, and then waited around more than a year to see who would graduate. 
Turns out that grittier kids were significantly more likely to graduate, even when I matched them on every characteristic I could measure, things like family income, standardized achievement test scores, even how safe kids felt when they were at school. 
It's also in school, especially for kids at risk for dropping out. 
To me, the most shocking thing about grit is how little we know, how little science knows, about building it. 
Every day, parents and teachers ask me, "" How do I build grit in kids? 
How do I keep them motivated for the long run? "" The honest answer is, I don't know. 
So far, the best idea I've heard about building grit in kids is something called "" growth mindset. "" This is an idea developed at Stanford University by Carol Dweck, and it is the belief that the ability to learn is not fixed, that it can change with your effort. 
Dr. Dweck has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and how it changes and grows in response to challenge, they're much more likely to persevere when they fail, because they don't believe that failure is a permanent condition. 
But we need more. 
We need to take our best ideas, our strongest intuitions, and we need to test them. 

So recently, some white guys and some black women swapped Twitter avatars, or pictures online. 
They didn't change their content, they kept tweeting the same as usual, but suddenly, the white guys noticed they were getting called the n-word all the time and they were getting the worst kind of online abuse, whereas the black women all of a sudden noticed things got a lot more pleasant for them. 
Now, if you're my five-year-old, your Internet consists mostly of puppies and fairies and occasionally fairies riding puppies. 
That's a thing. Google it. 
But the rest of us know that the Internet can be a really ugly place. 
I'm not talking about the kind of colorful debates that I think are healthy for our democracy. 
I'm talking about nasty personal attacks. 
Maybe it's happened to you, but it's at least twice as likely to happen, and be worse, if you're a woman, a person of color, or gay, or more than one at the same time. 
In fact, just as I was writing this talk, I found a Twitter account called @ SallyKohnSucks. 
The bio says that I'm a "" man-hater and a bull dyke and the only thing I've ever accomplished with my career is spreading my perverse sexuality. "" Which, incidentally, is only a third correct. 
I mean, lies! (Laughter) But seriously, we all say we hate this crap. 
The question is whether you're willing to make a personal sacrifice to change it. 
I don't mean giving up the Internet. 
I mean changing the way you click, because clicking is a public act. 
It's no longer the case that a few powerful elites control all the media and the rest of us are just passive receivers. 
Increasingly, we're all the media. 
I used to think, oh, okay, I get dressed up, I put on a lot of makeup, I go on television, I talk about the news. 
That is a public act of making media. 
And then I go home and I browse the web and I'm reading Twitter, and that's a private act of consuming media. 
I mean, of course it is. I'm in my pajamas. 
Wrong. 
Everything we blog, everything we Tweet, and everything we click is a public act of making media. 
We are the new editors. 
We decide what gets attention based on what we give our attention to. 
That's how the media works now. 
There's all these hidden algorithms that decide what you see more of and what we all see more of based on what you click on, and that in turn shapes our whole culture. 
Over three out of five Americans think we have a major incivility problem in our country right now, but I'm going to guess that at least three out of five Americans are clicking on the same insult-oriented, rumor-mongering trash that feeds the nastiest impulses in our society. 
In an increasingly noisy media landscape, the incentive is to make more noise to be heard, and that tyranny of the loud encourages the tyranny of the nasty. 
It does not have to be that way. 
It does not. 
We can change the incentive. 
For starters, there are two things we can all do. 
First, don't just stand by the sidelines when you see someone getting hurt. 
If someone is being abused online, do something. 
Be a hero. This is your chance. 
Speak up. Speak out. Be a good person. 
Drown out the negative with the positive. 
And second, we've got to stop clicking on the lowest-common-denominator, bottom-feeding linkbait. 
If you don't like the 24 / 7 all Kardashian all the time programming, you've got to stop clicking on the stories about Kim Kardashian's sideboob. 
I know you do it. (Applause) You too, apparently. 
I mean, really, same example: if you don't like politicians calling each other names, stop clicking on the stories about what one guy in one party called the other guy in the other party. 
Clicking on a train wreck just pours gasoline on it. 
It makes it worse, the fire spreads. 
Our whole culture gets burned. 
If what gets the most clicks wins, then we have to start shaping the world we want with our clicks, because clicking is a public act. 
So click responsibly. Thank you. 
(Applause) 

I once had this nightmare: I'm standing in the middle of a deserted field full of land mines. 
In real life, I love to hike, but every time I want to go on a hike, it makes me nervous. 
I have this thought in the back of my mind that I might lose a limb. 
This underlying fear started 10 years ago, after I met Mohammed, a cluster bomb survivor of the summer 2006 Israel-Hezbollah War in Lebanon. 
Mohammed, like so many other survivors all around the world, had to live through the horrifying repercussions of cluster munitions on a daily basis. 
When the one-month conflict started in Lebanon, I was still working at Agence France-Presse in Paris. 
I remember how I was glued to the screens, anxiously following the news. 
I wanted to reassure myself that the falling bombs missed my parents' home. 
When I arrived in Beirut on assignment to cover that war, I was relieved to be united with my family, after they had finally managed to escape southern Lebanon. 
The day the war was over, I remember seeing this image — one of blocked roads, of displaced people eagerly rushing south, back to their homes, regardless of what they would find. 
An estimated four million cluster submunitions were spread in Lebanon during the 34-day conflict. 
Mohammed lost both legs during the last week of the conflict. 
The fact that he lives a five-minute drive from my parents' home made it easier to follow him through the years. 
It was now almost 10 years since we first met. 
I saw the young boy who had to endure physical and emotional trauma. 
I saw the teenager who tried to offer his friends tattoos, in return for a set fee of five dollars. 
And I know the young, jobless man who spends hours surfing the Internet trying to meet a girl who might become his girlfriend. 
His fate and the effects of losing his legs are now his daily reality. 
Survivors of bomb trauma like Mohammed have to deal with so many details that never occur to us. 
Who would have imagined that so many daily tasks we do or take for granted, such as going to the beach or even picking up something from the floor, would become sources of stress and anxiety? 
Well, that's what eventually became of Mohammed, due to his inflexible prosthetic legs. 
Ten years ago, I had no clue what a cluster bomb was, nor its horrifying implications. 
I learned that this indiscriminate weapon was used in so many parts of the world and continues to kill on a regular basis, without distinguishing between a military target or a child. 
I naively asked myself, "" But seriously, who made those weapons? 
And what for? "" Let me explain to you what a cluster bomb is. 
It's a large canister filled with bomblets. 
When it's dropped from the air, it opens up in midair to release hundreds of bomblets. 
They scatter around wide areas and on impact, many fail to explode. 
Those unexploded ones end up just like landmines — sitting on the ground, waiting for their next target. 
If someone steps on them by accident or picks them up, they can explode. 
These weapons are extremely unpredictable, which makes the threat even bigger. 
One day, a farmer can work his land without a problem. 
The next day, he can make fire and burn some branches, and the submunitions close by could be set off because of the heat. 
The problem is children mistake those bomblets for toys, because they can look like bouncy balls or soda cans. 
Being a documentary photographer, I decided to go back to Lebanon a few months after the conflict ended to meet cluster bomb survivors. 
And I met a few — Hussein and Rasha, who both lost a leg to submunitions. 
Their stories are similar to so many other kids' stories across the world and are a testimony to the horrifying implications of the continuous use of such weapons. 
That's when I met Mohammed, in January 2007. 
He was 11 years old, and I met him exactly four months after his accident. 
When I first saw him, he was going through painful physiotherapy to recover from his fresh wounds. 
Still in shock at such a young age, Mohammed was struggling to get used to his new body. 
He would even wake up sometimes at night wanting to scratch his lost feet. 
What drew me closer to his story was my instant realization of the difficulties Mohammed was likely to face in the future — that what he has been suffering while adjusting to his injury at the age of 11, would increase manyfold. 
Even before his disability, Mohammed's life wasn't easy. 
He was born in the Rashidieh Camp for Palestinian refugees, and this is where he still lives. 
Lebanon holds some 400,000 Palestinian refugees, and they suffer from discriminatory laws. 
They're not allowed to work in the public sector or practice certain professions and are denied the right to own property. 
This is one of the reasons why Mohammed doesn't really regret dropping out of school right after his injury. 
He said, "" What's the point of a university degree when I can't find a job to start with? "" Cluster bomb use creates a vicious circle of impact on communities, and not only the lives of their victims. 
Many who get injured by this weapon drop out of school, can't find jobs or even lose their jobs, therefore losing the ability to provide for their families. 
This is not to mention the continuous physical pain and the experience of feeling isolated. 
These weapons affect the poorest of the poor. 
The high medical cost is a burden to the families. 
They end up relying on humanitarian agencies, which is insufficient and unsustainable, especially when injuries require lifelong support to the injured. 
Ten years after Mohammed's injury, he is still unable to afford proper prosthetic legs. 
He's very cautious with his steps, as a couple of falls over the years brought him embarrassment among his friends. 
He joked that since he doesn't have legs, some days he tries to walk on his hands. 
One of the worst yet invisible impacts of the weapon is the psychological scars it leaves. 
In one of Mohammed's early medical reports, he was diagnosed with signs of PTSD. 
He suffered from anxiety, poor appetite, sleep disturbance and showed signs of anger. 
The reality is Mohammed never received proper help to fully recover. 
His current obsession is to leave Lebanon at any cost — even if it meant embarking on a hazardous journey along with refugees drifting towards Europe today through the Mediterranean. 
Knowing how risky such a journey would be, he said, "" If I were to die on the way, it doesn't matter. "" To Mohammed, he is dead here, anyway. 
Cluster bombs are a world problem, as this munition keeps destroying and hurting whole communities for generations to come. 
In an online interview with the director of the Mines Advisory Group, Jamie Franklin, he said, "" The US forces dropped over two million tons of munitions over Laos. 
If they couldn't find their targets in Vietnam, there were free-drop areas in Laos where planes would drop their loads before going back to base, because it's dangerous to land with loaded planes. "" According to the International Committee of the Red Cross, in Laos alone — one of the poorest countries in the world — nine to 27 million unexploded submunitions remain. 
Some 11,000 people have been killed or injured since 1973. 
This lethal weapon has been used by over 20 states during armed conflicts in over 35 countries, such as Ukraine, Iraq and Sudan. 
So far, 119 states have joined an international treaty banning cluster bombs, which is officially called the Convention on Cluster Munitions. 
But some of the biggest producers of cluster munitions — namely, the United States, Russia and China — remain outside of this lifesaving treaty and continue to produce them, reserve the right to produce them in the future, keep those harmful weapons in their stockpiles and even possibly use them in the future. 
Cluster bombs have reportedly been used most recently in the ongoing conflicts in Yemen and Syria. 
According to research on the worldwide investments in cluster munitions producers by Pax, a Dutch-based NGO, financial institutions invested billions of US dollars into companies that make cluster munitions. 
The majority of these institutions are based in countries that have not yet signed the Convention on Cluster Munitions. 
Getting back to Mohammed, one of the few jobs he was able to find was picking lemons. 
When I ask him if it's safe to work in the field he said, "I'm not sure." 
Research shows that cluster munitions often contaminate areas where agriculture is the main source of income. 
According to Handicap International's research, 98 percent of those killed or injured by cluster munitions are civilians. 
Eighty-four percent of casualties are males. 
In countries where these people have no choice but to work in those fields, they simply do it and risk it. 
Mohammed is the only male to three sisters. 
Culturally, he's expected to provide for his family, but he simply can't. 
He tried to have so many different jobs, but he couldn't keep any due to his physical disability and the less-than-friendly environment to people with disabilities, to say the least. 
It hurts him a lot when he goes out looking for a job, and he's turned away with a small amount of money paid to him out of pity. 
He said, "" I'm not here to beg for money, I just want to earn it. "" Mohammed today is 21 years old. 
He's illiterate, and he communicates with voice messages. 
Here is one of his messages. 
(Audio) Mohammed: (Speaking in Arabic) Laura Boushnak: He said, "" My dream is to run, and I'm pretty sure once I start running, I would never stop. "" Thank you. 
(Applause) 

Good morning. How are you? 
I have an interest in education. 
But if you are, and you say to somebody, you know, they say, "" What do you do? "" and you say you work in education, you can see the blood run from their face. 
And yet we're meant to be educating them for it. 
And she's exceptional, but I think she's not, so to speak, exceptional in the whole of childhood. 
So I want to talk about education and I want to talk about creativity. 
We had the place crammed full of agents in T-shirts: "" James Robinson IS Joseph! "" (Laughter) He didn't have to speak, but you know the bit where the three kings come in? 
What we do know is, if you're not prepared to be wrong, you'll never come up with anything original — if you're not prepared to be wrong. 
(Laughter) Actually, we lived in a place called Snitterfield, just outside Stratford, which is where Shakespeare's father was born. 
Shakespeare being seven? 
I've got two kids; he's 21 now, my daughter's 16. 
He didn't want to come to Los Angeles. 
(Laughter) Truthfully, what happens is, as children grow up, we start to educate them progressively from the waist up. 
If you were to visit education, as an alien, and say "" What's it for, public education? "" I think you'd have to conclude, if you look at the output, who really succeeds by this, who does everything that they should, who gets all the brownie points, who are the winners — I think you'd have to conclude the whole purpose of public education throughout the world is to produce university professors. 
They're just a form of life, another form of life. 
(Laughter) Waiting until it ends so they can go home and write a paper about it. (Laughter) 
And I didn't want one, frankly. (Laughter) But now kids with degrees are often heading home to carry on playing video games, because you need an MA where the previous job required a BA, and now you need a PhD for the other. 
And it indicates the whole structure of education is shifting beneath our feet. 
If you look at the interactions of a human brain, as we heard yesterday from a number of presentations, intelligence is wonderfully interactive. 
The brain isn't divided into compartments. 
In fact, creativity — which I define as the process of having original ideas that have value — more often than not comes about through the interaction of different disciplinary ways of seeing things. 
By the way, there's a shaft of nerves that joins the two halves of the brain called the corpus callosum. 
Because you are, aren't you? 
(Laughter) No, she's good at some things, but if she's cooking, she's dealing with people on the phone, she's talking to the kids, she's painting the ceiling, she's doing open-heart surgery over here. 
If I'm cooking, the door is shut, the kids are out, the phone's on the hook, if she comes in I get annoyed. 
I say, "" Terry, please, I'm trying to fry an egg in here. "" (Laughter) "Give me a break." (Laughter) 
I saw a great t-shirt recently, which said, "" If a man speaks his mind in a forest, and no woman hears him, is he still wrong? "" (Laughter) And the third thing about intelligence is, it's distinct. 
And the school, in the '30s, wrote to her parents and said, "We think Gillian has a learning disorder." 
(Laughter) People weren't aware they could have that. (Laughter) 
And when they got out, he said to her mother, "" Just stand and watch her. "" And the minute they left the room, she was on her feet, moving to the music. 
And they watched for a few minutes and he turned to her mother and said, "" Mrs. Lynne, Gillian isn't sick; she's a dancer. 
Take her to a dance school. "" I said, "" What happened? "" She said, "" She did. I can't tell you how wonderful it was. 
We walked in this room and it was full of people like me. 
People who had to move to think. "" Who had to move to think. 
(Applause) What I think it comes to is this: Al Gore spoke the other night about ecology and the revolution that was triggered by Rachel Carson. 
I believe our only hope for the future is to adopt a new conception of human ecology, one in which we start to reconstitute our conception of the richness of human capacity. 
Our education system has mined our minds in the way that we strip-mine the earth: for a particular commodity. 
We have to rethink the fundamental principles on which we're educating our children. 
And the only way we'll do it is by seeing our creative capacities for the richness they are and seeing our children for the hope that they are. 
By the way — we may not see this future, but they will. 

Chris Anderson: The rights of citizens, the future of the Internet. 
So I would like to welcome to the TED stage the man behind those revelations, Ed Snowden. 
And that's what I'm hoping the debate will move towards, and we've seen that increasing over time. 
But the First Amendment of the United States Constitution guarantees us a free press for a reason, and that's to enable an adversarial press, to challenge the government, but also to work together with the government, to have a dialogue and debate about how we can inform the public about matters of vital importance without putting our national security at risk. 
And by working with journalists, by giving all of my information back to the American people, rather than trusting myself to make the decisions about publication, we've had a robust debate with a deep investment by the government that I think has resulted in a benefit for everyone. 
And the risks that have been threatened, the risks that have been played up by the government have never materialized. 
We've never seen any evidence of even a single instance of specific harm, and because of that, I'm comfortable with the decisions that I made. 
CA: So let me show the audience a couple of examples of what you revealed. 
If we could have a slide up, and Ed, I don't know whether you can see, the slides are here. 
This is a slide of the PRISM program, and maybe you could tell the audience what that was that was revealed. 
ES: The best way to understand PRISM, because there's been a little bit of controversy, is to first talk about what PRISM isn't. 
Much of the debate in the U.S. has been about metadata. 
They've said it's just metadata, it's just metadata, and they're talking about a specific legal authority called Section 215 of the Patriot Act. 
That allows sort of a warrantless wiretapping, mass surveillance of the entire country's phone records, things like that — who you're talking to, when you're talking to them, where you traveled. 
These are all metadata events. 
PRISM is about content. 
It's a program through which the government could compel corporate America, it could deputize corporate America to do its dirty work for the NSA. 
And something that we've seen, something about the PRISM program that's very concerning to me is, there's been a talking point in the U.S. government where they've said 15 federal judges have reviewed these programs and found them to be lawful, but what they don't tell you is those are secret judges in a secret court based on secret interpretations of law that's considered 34,000 warrant requests over 33 years, and in 33 years only rejected 11 government requests. 
These aren't the people that we want deciding what the role of corporate America in a free and open Internet should be. 
CA: Now, this slide that we're showing here shows the dates in which different technology companies, Internet companies, are alleged to have joined the program, and where data collection began from them. 
ES: Right. So the NSA's own slides refer to it as direct access. 
What that means to an actual NSA analyst, someone like me who was working as an intelligence analyst targeting, Chinese cyber-hackers, things like that, in Hawaii, is the provenance of that data is directly from their servers. 
It doesn't mean that there's a group of company representatives sitting in a smoky room with the NSA palling around and making back-room deals about how they're going to give this stuff away. 
Now each company handles it different ways. 
But there's an important thing to remember here: even though companies pushed back, even though companies demanded, hey, let's do this through a warrant process, let's do this where we actually have some sort of legal review, some sort of basis for handing over these users' data, we saw stories in the Washington Post last year that weren't as well reported as the PRISM story that said the NSA broke in to the data center communications between Google to itself and Yahoo to itself. 
So even these companies that are cooperating in at least a compelled but hopefully lawful manner with the NSA, the NSA isn't satisfied with that, and because of that, we need our companies to work very hard to guarantee that they're going to represent the interests of the user, and also advocate for the rights of the users. 
And I think over the last year, we've seen the companies that are named on the PRISM slides take great strides to do that, and I encourage them to continue. 
CA: What more should they do? 
ES: The biggest thing that an Internet company in America can do today, right now, without consulting with lawyers, to protect the rights of users worldwide, is to enable SSL web encryption on every page you visit. 
The reason this matters is today, if you go to look at a copy of "" 1984 "" on Amazon.com, the NSA can see a record of that, the Russian intelligence service can see a record of that, the Chinese service can see a record of that, the French service, the German service, the services of Andorra. 
They can all see it because it's unencrypted. 
The world's library is Amazon.com, but not only do they not support encryption by default, you cannot choose to use encryption when browsing through books. 
This is something that we need to change, not just for Amazon, I don't mean to single them out, but they're a great example. 
All companies need to move to an encrypted browsing habit by default for all users who haven't taken any action or picked any special methods on their own. 
That'll increase the privacy and the rights that people enjoy worldwide. 
CA: Ed, come with me to this part of the stage. 
I want to show you the next slide here. (Applause) This is a program called Boundless Informant. 
What is that? 
ES: So, I've got to give credit to the NSA for using appropriate names on this. 
This is one of my favorite NSA cryptonyms. 
Boundless Informant is a program that the NSA hid from Congress. 
The NSA was previously asked by Congress, was there any ability that they had to even give a rough ballpark estimate of the amount of American communications that were being intercepted. 
They said no. They said, we don't track those stats, and we can't track those stats. 
We can't tell you how many communications we're intercepting around the world, because to tell you that would be to invade your privacy. 
Now, I really appreciate that sentiment from them, but the reality, when you look at this slide is, not only do they have the capability, the capability already exists. 
It's already in place. 
The NSA has its own internal data format that tracks both ends of a communication, and if it says, this communication came from America, they can tell Congress how many of those communications they have today, right now. 
And what Boundless Informant tells us is more communications are being intercepted in America about Americans than there are in Russia about Russians. 
I'm not sure that's what an intelligence agency should be aiming for. 
CA: Ed, there was a story broken in the Washington Post, again from your data. 
The headline says, "" NSA broke privacy rules thousands of times per year. "" Tell us about that. 
ES: We also heard in Congressional testimony last year, it was an amazing thing for someone like me who came from the NSA and who's seen the actual internal documents, knows what's in them, to see officials testifying under oath that there had been no abuses, that there had been no violations of the NSA's rules, when we knew this story was coming. 
But what's especially interesting about this, about the fact that the NSA has violated their own rules, their own laws thousands of times in a single year, including one event by itself, one event out of those 2,776, that affected more than 3,000 people. 
In another event, they intercepted all the calls in Washington, D.C., by accident. 
What's amazing about this, this report, that didn't get that much attention, is the fact that not only were there 2,776 abuses, the chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee, Dianne Feinstein, had not seen this report until the Washington Post contacted her asking for comment on the report. 
And she then requested a copy from the NSA and received it, but had never seen this before that. 
What does that say about the state of oversight in American intelligence when the chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee has no idea that the rules are being broken thousands of times every year? 
CA: Ed, one response to this whole debate is this: Why should we care about all this surveillance, honestly? 
I mean, look, if you've done nothing wrong, you've got nothing to worry about. 
What's wrong with that point of view? 
ES: Well, so the first thing is, you're giving up your rights. 
You're saying hey, you know, I don't think I'm going to need them, so I'm just going to trust that, you know, let's get rid of them, it doesn't really matter, these guys are going to do the right thing. 
Your rights matter because you never know when you're going to need them. 
Beyond that, it's a part of our cultural identity, not just in America, but in Western societies and in democratic societies around the world. 
People should be able to pick up the phone and to call their family, people should be able to send a text message to their loved ones, people should be able to buy a book online, they should be able to travel by train, they should be able to buy an airline ticket without wondering about how these events are going to look to an agent of the government, possibly not even your government years in the future, how they're going to be misinterpreted and what they're going to think your intentions were. 
We have a right to privacy. 
We require warrants to be based on probable cause or some kind of individualized suspicion because we recognize that trusting anybody, any government authority, with the entirety of human communications in secret and without oversight is simply too great a temptation to be ignored. 
CA: Some people are furious at what you've done. 
I heard a quote recently from Dick Cheney who said that Julian Assange was a flea bite, Edward Snowden is the lion that bit the head off the dog. 
He thinks you've committed one of the worst acts of betrayal in American history. 
What would you say to people who think that? 
ES: Dick Cheney's really something else. 
(Laughter) (Applause) Thank you. (Laughter) I think it's amazing, because at the time Julian Assange was doing some of his greatest work, Dick Cheney was saying he was going to end governments worldwide, the skies were going to ignite and the seas were going to boil off, and now he's saying it's a flea bite. 
So we should be suspicious about the same sort of overblown claims of damage to national security from these kind of officials. 
But let's assume that these people really believe this. 
I would argue that they have kind of a narrow conception of national security. 
The prerogatives of people like Dick Cheney do not keep the nation safe. 
The public interest is not always the same as the national interest. 
Going to war with people who are not our enemy in places that are not a threat doesn't make us safe, and that applies whether it's in Iraq or on the Internet. 
The Internet is not the enemy. 
Our economy is not the enemy. 
American businesses, Chinese businesses, and any other company out there is a part of our society. 
It's a part of our interconnected world. 
There are ties of fraternity that bond us together, and if we destroy these bonds by undermining the standards, the security, the manner of behavior, that nations and citizens all around the world expect us to abide by. 
CA: But it's alleged that you've stolen 1.7 million documents. 
It seems only a few hundred of them have been shared with journalists so far. 
Are there more revelations to come? 
ES: There are absolutely more revelations to come. 
I don't think there's any question that some of the most important reporting to be done is yet to come. 
CA: Come here, because I want to ask you about this particular revelation. 
Come and take a look at this. 
I mean, this is a story which I think for a lot of the techies in this room is the single most shocking thing that they have heard in the last few months. 
It's about a program called "" Bullrun. "" Can you explain what that is? 
ES: So Bullrun, and this is again where we've got to thank the NSA for their candor, this is a program named after a Civil War battle. 
The British counterpart is called Edgehill, which is a U.K. civil war battle. 
And the reason that I believe they're named this way is because they target our own infrastructure. 
They're programs through which the NSA intentionally misleads corporate partners. 
They tell corporate partners that these are safe standards. 
They say hey, we need to work with you to secure your systems, but in reality, they're giving bad advice to these companies that makes them degrade the security of their services. 
They're building in backdoors that not only the NSA can exploit, but anyone else who has time and money to research and find it can then use to let themselves in to the world's communications. 
And this is really dangerous, because if we lose a single standard, if we lose the trust of something like SSL, which was specifically targeted by the Bullrun program, we will live a less safe world overall. 
We won't be able to access our banks and we won't be able to access commerce without worrying about people monitoring those communications or subverting them for their own ends. 
CA: And do those same decisions also potentially open America up to cyberattacks from other sources? 
ES: Absolutely. 
One of the problems, one of the dangerous legacies that we've seen in the post-9 / 11 era, is that the NSA has traditionally worn two hats. 
They've been in charge of offensive operations, that is hacking, but they've also been in charge of defensive operations, and traditionally they've always prioritized defense over offense based on the principle that American secrets are simply worth more. 
If we hack a Chinese business and steal their secrets, if we hack a government office in Berlin and steal their secrets, that has less value to the American people than making sure that the Chinese can't get access to our secrets. 
So by reducing the security of our communications, they're not only putting the world at risk, they're putting America at risk in a fundamental way, because intellectual property is the basis, the foundation of our economy, and if we put that at risk through weak security, we're going to be paying for it for years. 
CA: But they've made a calculation that it was worth doing this as part of America's defense against terrorism. 
Surely that makes it a price worth paying. 
ES: Well, when you look at the results of these programs in stopping terrorism, you will see that that's unfounded, and you don't have to take my word for it, because we've had the first open court, the first federal court that's reviewed this, outside the secrecy arrangement, called these programs Orwellian and likely unconstitutional. 
Congress, who has access to be briefed on these things, and now has the desire to be, has produced bills to reform it, and two independent White House panels who reviewed all of the classified evidence said these programs have never stopped a single terrorist attack that was imminent in the United States. 
So is it really terrorism that we're stopping? 
Do these programs have any value at all? 
I say no, and all three branches of the American government say no as well. 
CA: I mean, do you think there's a deeper motivation for them than the war against terrorism? 
ES: I'm sorry, I couldn't hear you, say again? 
CA: Sorry. Do you think there's a deeper motivation for them other than the war against terrorism? 
ES: Yeah. The bottom line is that terrorism has always been what we in the intelligence world would call a cover for action. 
Terrorism is something that provokes an emotional response that allows people to rationalize authorizing powers and programs that they wouldn't give otherwise. 
The Bullrun and Edgehill-type programs, the NSA asked for these authorities back in the 1990s. 
They asked the FBI to go to Congress and make the case. 
The FBI went to Congress and did make the case. 
But Congress and the American people said no. 
They said, it's not worth the risk to our economy. 
They said it's worth too much damage to our society to justify the gains. 
But what we saw is, in the post-9 / 11 era, they used secrecy and they used the justification of terrorism to start these programs in secret without asking Congress, without asking the American people, and it's that kind of government behind closed doors that we need to guard ourselves against, because it makes us less safe, and it offers no value. 
CA: Okay, come with me here for a sec, because I've got a more personal question for you. 
Speaking of terror, most people would find the situation you're in right now in Russia pretty terrifying. 
You obviously heard what happened, what the treatment that Bradley Manning got, Chelsea Manning as now is, and there was a story in Buzzfeed saying that there are people in the intelligence community who want you dead. 
How are you coping with this? 
How are you coping with the fear? 
ES: It's no mystery that there are governments out there that want to see me dead. 
I've made clear again and again and again that I go to sleep every morning thinking about what I can do for the American people. 
I don't want to harm my government. 
I want to help my government, but the fact that they are willing to completely ignore due process, they're willing to declare guilt without ever seeing a trial, these are things that we need to work against as a society, and say hey, this is not appropriate. 
We shouldn't be threatening dissidents. 
We shouldn't be criminalizing journalism. 
And whatever part I can do to see that end, I'm happy to do despite the risks. 
CA: So I'd actually like to get some feedback from the audience here, because I know there's widely differing reactions to Edward Snowden. 
Suppose you had the following two choices, right? 
You could view what he did as fundamentally a reckless act that has endangered America or you could view it as fundamentally a heroic act that will work towards America and the world's long-term good? 
Those are the two choices I'll give you. 
I'm curious to see who's willing to vote with the first of those, that this was a reckless act? 
There are some hands going up. 
Some hands going up. 
It's hard to put your hand up when the man is standing right here, but I see them. 
ES: I can see you. (Laughter) CA: And who goes with the second choice, the fundamentally heroic act? 
(Applause) (Cheers) And I think it's true to say that there are a lot of people who didn't show a hand and I think are still thinking this through, because it seems to me that the debate around you doesn't split along traditional political lines. 
It's not left or right, it's not really about pro-government, libertarian, or not just that. 
Part of it is almost a generational issue. 
You're part of a generation that grew up with the Internet, and it seems as if you become offended at almost a visceral level when you see something done that you think will harm the Internet. 
Is there some truth to that? 
ES: It is. I think it's very true. 
This is not a left or right issue. 
Our basic freedoms, and when I say our, I don't just mean Americans, I mean people around the world, it's not a partisan issue. 
These are things that all people believe, and it's up to all of us to protect them, and to people who have seen and enjoyed a free and open Internet, it's up to us to preserve that liberty for the next generation to enjoy, and if we don't change things, if we don't stand up to make the changes we need to do to keep the Internet safe, not just for us but for everyone, we're going to lose that, and that would be a tremendous loss, not just for us, but for the world. 
CA: Well, I have heard similar language recently from the founder of the world wide web, who I actually think is with us, Sir Tim Berners-Lee. 
Tim, actually, would you like to come up and say, do we have a microphone for Tim? 
(Applause) Tim, good to see you. Come up there. 
Which camp are you in, by the way, traitor, hero? I have a theory on this, but — Tim Berners-Lee: I've given much longer answers to that question, but hero, if I have to make the choice between the two. 
CA: And Ed, I think you've read the proposal that Sir Tim has talked about about a new Magna Carta to take back the Internet. 
Is that something that makes sense? 
ES: Absolutely. I mean, my generation, I grew up not just thinking about the Internet, but I grew up in the Internet, and although I never expected to have the chance to defend it in such a direct and practical manner and to embody it in this unusual, almost avatar manner, I think there's something poetic about the fact that one of the sons of the Internet has actually become close to the Internet as a result of their political expression. 
And I believe that a Magna Carta for the Internet is exactly what we need. 
We need to encode our values not just in writing but in the structure of the Internet, and it's something that I hope, I invite everyone in the audience, not just here in Vancouver but around the world, to join and participate in. 
CA: Do you have a question for Ed? 
TBL: Well, two questions, a general question — CA: Ed, can you still hear us? 
ES: Yes, I can hear you. CA: Oh, he's back. 
TBL: The wiretap on your line got a little interfered with for a moment. 
(Laughter) ES: It's a little bit of an NSA problem. 
TBL: So, from the 25 years, stepping back and thinking, what would you think would be the best that we could achieve from all the discussions that we have about the web we want? 
ES: When we think about in terms of how far we can go, I think that's a question that's really only limited by what we're willing to put into it. 
I think the Internet that we've enjoyed in the past has been exactly what we as not just a nation but as a people around the world need, and by cooperating, by engaging not just the technical parts of society, but as you said, the users, the people around the world who contribute through the Internet, through social media, who just check the weather, who rely on it every day as a part of their life, to champion that. 
We'll get not just the Internet we've had, but a better Internet, a better now, something that we can use to build a future that'll be better not just than what we hoped for but anything that we could have imagined. 
CA: It's 30 years ago that TED was founded, 1984. 
A lot of the conversation since then has been along the lines that actually George Orwell got it wrong. 
It's not Big Brother watching us. 
We, through the power of the web, and transparency, are now watching Big Brother. 
Your revelations kind of drove a stake through the heart of that rather optimistic view, but you still believe there's a way of doing something about that. 
And you do too. 
ES: Right, so there is an argument to be made that the powers of Big Brother have increased enormously. 
There was a recent legal article at Yale that established something called the Bankston-Soltani Principle, which is that our expectation of privacy is violated when the capabilities of government surveillance have become cheaper by an order of magnitude, and each time that occurs, we need to revisit and rebalance our privacy rights. 
Now, that hasn't happened since the government's surveillance powers have increased by several orders of magnitude, and that's why we're in the problem that we're in today, but there is still hope, because the power of individuals have also been increased by technology. 
I am living proof that an individual can go head to head against the most powerful adversaries and the most powerful intelligence agencies around the world and win, and I think that's something that we need to take hope from, and we need to build on to make it accessible not just to technical experts but to ordinary citizens around the world. 
Journalism is not a crime, communication is not a crime, and we should not be monitored in our everyday activities. 
CA: I'm not quite sure how you shake the hand of a bot, but I imagine it's, this is the hand right here. TBL: That'll come very soon. 
ES: Nice to meet you, and I hope my beam looks as nice as my view of you guys does. 
CA: Thank you, Tim. 
(Applause) I mean, The New York Times recently called for an amnesty for you. 
Would you welcome the chance to come back to America? 
ES: Absolutely. There's really no question, the principles that have been the foundation of this project have been the public interest and the principles that underly the journalistic establishment in the United States and around the world, and I think if the press is now saying, we support this, this is something that needed to happen, that's a powerful argument, but it's not the final argument, and I think that's something that public should decide. 
But at the same time, the government has hinted that they want some kind of deal, that they want me to compromise the journalists with which I've been working, to come back, and I want to make it very clear that I did not do this to be safe. 
I did this to do what was right, and I'm not going to stop my work in the public interest just to benefit myself. 
(Applause) CA: In the meantime, courtesy of the Internet and this technology, you're here, back in North America, not quite the U.S., Canada, in this form. 
I'm curious, how does that feel? 
ES: Canada is different than what I expected. 
It's a lot warmer. 
(Laughter) CA: At TED, the mission is "" ideas worth spreading. "" If you could encapsulate it in a single idea, what is your idea worth spreading right now at this moment? 
ES: I would say the last year has been a reminder that democracy may die behind closed doors, but we as individuals are born behind those same closed doors, and we don't have to give up our privacy to have good government. 
We don't have to give up our liberty to have security. 
And I think by working together we can have both open government and private lives, and I look forward to working with everyone around the world to see that happen. 
Thank you very much. 
CA: Ed, thank you. 
(Applause) 

I was thinking about my place in the universe, and about my first thought about what infinity might mean, when I was a child. 
And I thought that if time could reach forwards and backwards infinitely, doesn't that mean that every point in time is really infinitely small, and therefore somewhat meaningless. 
So we don't really have a place in the universe, as far as on a time line. 
But nothing else does either. 
Therefore every moment really is the most important moment that's ever happened, including this moment right now. 
And so therefore this music you're about to hear is maybe the most important music you'll ever hear in your life. 
(Laughter) (Applause) (Applause) Thank you. (Applause) (Applause) 
For those of you who I'll be fortunate enough to meet afterwards, you could please refrain from saying, "Oh my god, you're so much shorter in real life." 
(Laughter) Because it's like the stage is an optical illusion, for some reason. (Laughter) 
Somewhat like the curving of the universe. 
I don't know what it is. I get asked in interviews a lot, "My god, you're guitars are so gigantic!" 
(Laughter) "You must get them custom made — special, humongous guitars." (Laughter) 
(Applause) Thank you very much. (Applause) 

Imagine, if you will — a gift. 
I'd like for you to picture it in your mind. 
It's not too big — about the size of a golf ball. 
So envision what it looks like all wrapped up. 
But before I show you what's inside, I will tell you, it's going to do incredible things for you. 
It will bring all of your family together. 
You will feel loved and appreciated like never before and reconnect with friends and acquaintances you haven't heard from in years. 
Adoration and admiration will overwhelm you. 
It will recalibrate what's most important in your life. 
It will redefine your sense of spirituality and faith. 
You'll have a new understanding and trust in your body. 
You'll have unsurpassed vitality and energy. 
You'll expand your vocabulary, meet new people, and you'll have a healthier lifestyle. 
And get this — you'll have an eight-week vacation of doing absolutely nothing. 
You'll eat countless gourmet meals. 
Flowers will arrive by the truckload. 
People will say to you, "You look great. Have you had any work done?" 
And you'll have a lifetime supply of good drugs. 
You'll be challenged, inspired, motivated and humbled. 
Your life will have new meaning. 
Peace, health, serenity, happiness, nirvana. 
The price? 
$55,000, and that's an incredible deal. 
By now I know you're dying to know what it is and where you can get one. 
Does Amazon carry it? 
Does it have the Apple logo on it? 
Is there a waiting list? 
Not likely. 
This gift came to me about five months ago. 
It looked more like this when it was all wrapped up — not quite so pretty. 
And this, and then this. 
It was a rare gem — a brain tumor, hemangioblastoma — the gift that keeps on giving. 
And while I'm okay now, I wouldn't wish this gift for you. 
I'm not sure you'd want it. 
But I wouldn't change my experience. 
It profoundly altered my life in ways I didn't expect in all the ways I just shared with you. 
So the next time you're faced with something that's unexpected, unwanted and uncertain, consider that it just may be a gift. 
(Applause) 

I was born and raised in Sierra Leone, a small and very beautiful country in West Africa, a country rich both in physical resources and creative talent. 
However, Sierra Leone is infamous for a decade-long rebel war in the '90s when entire villages were burnt down. 
An estimated 8,000 men, women and children had their arms and legs amputated during this time. 
As my family and I ran for safety when I was about 12 from one of those attacks, I resolved that I would do everything I could to ensure that my own children would not go through the same experiences we had. 
They would, in fact, be part of a Sierra Leone where war and amputation were no longer a strategy for gaining power. 
As I watched people who I knew, loved ones, recover from this devastation, one thing that deeply troubled me was that many of the amputees in the country would not use their prostheses. 
The reason, I would come to find out, was that their prosthetic sockets were painful because they did not fit well. 
The prosthetic socket is the part in which the amputee inserts their residual limb, and which connects to the prosthetic ankle. 
Even in the developed world, it takes a period of three weeks to often years for a patient to get a comfortable socket, if ever. 
Prosthetists still use conventional processes like molding and casting to create single-material prosthetic sockets. 
Such sockets often leave intolerable amounts of pressure on the limbs of the patient, leaving them with pressure sores and blisters. 
It does not matter how powerful your prosthetic ankle is. 
If your prosthetic socket is uncomfortable, you will not use your leg, and that is just simply unacceptable in our age. 
So one day, when I met professor Hugh Herr about two and a half years ago, and he asked me if I knew how to solve this problem, I said, "" No, not yet, but I would love to figure it out. "" And so, for my Ph.D. at the MIT Media Lab, I designed custom prosthetic sockets quickly and cheaply that are more comfortable than conventional prostheses. 
I used magnetic resonance imaging to capture the actual shape of the patient's anatomy, then use finite element modeling to better predict the internal stresses and strains on the normal forces, and then create a prosthetic socket for manufacture. 
We use a 3D printer to create a multi-material prosthetic socket which relieves pressure where needed on the anatomy of the patient. 
In short, we're using data to make novel sockets quickly and cheaply. 
In a recent trial we just wrapped up at the Media Lab, one of our patients, a U.S. veteran who has been an amputee for about 20 years and worn dozens of legs, said of one of our printed parts, "" It's so soft, it's like walking on pillows, and it's effing sexy. "" (Laughter) Disability in our age should not prevent anyone from living meaningful lives. 
My hope and desire is that the tools and processes we develop in our research group can be used to bring highly functional prostheses to those who need them. 
For me, a place to begin healing the souls of those affected by war and disease is by creating comfortable and affordable interfaces for their bodies. 
Whether it's in Sierra Leone or in Boston, I hope this not only restores but indeed transforms their sense of human potential. 
Thank you very much. 
(Applause) 

Throughout the history of computers we've been striving to shorten the gap between us and digital information, the gap between our physical world and the world in the screen where our imagination can go wild. 
And this gap has become shorter, shorter, and even shorter, and now this gap is shortened down to less than a millimeter, the thickness of a touch-screen glass, and the power of computing has become accessible to everyone. 
But I wondered, what if there could be no boundary at all? 
I started to imagine what this would look like. 
First, I created this tool which penetrates into the digital space, so when you press it hard on the screen, it transfers its physical body into pixels. 
Designers can materialize their ideas directly in 3D, and surgeons can practice on virtual organs underneath the screen. 
So with this tool, this boundary has been broken. 
But our two hands still remain outside the screen. 
How can you reach inside and interact with the digital information using the full dexterity of our hands? 
At Microsoft Applied Sciences, along with my mentor Cati Boulanger, I redesigned the computer and turned a little space above the keyboard into a digital workspace. 
By combining a transparent display and depth cameras for sensing your fingers and face, now you can lift up your hands from the keyboard and reach inside this 3D space and grab pixels with your bare hands. 
(Applause) Because windows and files have a position in the real space, selecting them is as easy as grabbing a book off your shelf. 
Then you can flip through this book while highlighting the lines, words on the virtual touch pad below each floating window. 
Architects can stretch or rotate the models with their two hands directly. 
So in these examples, we are reaching into the digital world. 
But how about reversing its role and having the digital information reach us instead? 
I'm sure many of us have had the experience of buying and returning items online. 
But now you don't have to worry about it. 
This is a view that you get from head-mounted or see-through display when the system understands the geometry of your body. 
Taking this idea further, I started to think, instead of just seeing these pixels in our space, how can we make it physical so that we can touch and feel it? 
What would such a future look like? 
At MIT Media Lab, along with my advisor Hiroshi Ishii and my collaborator Rehmi Post, we created this one physical pixel. 
Well, in this case, this spherical magnet acts like a 3D pixel in our space, which means that both computers and people can move this object to anywhere within this little 3D space. 
What we did was essentially canceling gravity and controlling the movement by combining magnetic levitation and mechanical actuation and sensing technologies. 
And by digitally programming the object, we are liberating the object from constraints of time and space, which means that now, human motions can be recorded and played back and left permanently in the physical world. 
So choreography can be taught physically over distance and Michael Jordan's famous shooting can be replicated over and over as a physical reality. 
Students can use this as a tool to learn about the complex concepts such as planetary motion, physics, and unlike computer screens or textbooks, this is a real, tangible experience that you can touch and feel, and it's very powerful. 
And what's more exciting than just turning what's currently in the computer physical is to start imagining how programming the world will alter even our daily physical activities. 
(Laughter) As you can see, the digital information will not just show us something but it will start directly acting upon us as a part of our physical surroundings without disconnecting ourselves from our world. 
Today, we started by talking about the boundary, but if we remove this boundary, the only boundary left is our imagination. 
Thank you. 
(Applause) 

Khan Academy is most known for its collection of videos, so before I go any further, let me show you a little bit of a montage. 
And for dollars, is their 30 million, plus the 20 million dollars from the American manufacturer. 
(Laughter) (Applause) (Live) SK: We now have on the order of 2,200 videos, covering everything from basic arithmetic, all the way to vector calculus, and some of the stuff that you saw up there. 
We have a million students a month using the site, watching on the order of 100 to 200,000 videos a day. 
But what we're going to talk about in this is how we're going to the next level. 
But before I do that, I want to talk a little bit about really just how I got started. 
Probably the least-appreciated aspect of this is the notion that the very first time that you're trying to get your brain around a new concept, the very last thing you need is another human being saying, "" Do you understand this? "" And that's what was happening with the interaction with my cousins before, and now they can just do it in the intimacy of their own room. 
The other thing that happened is — I put them on YouTube just — I saw no reason to make it private, so I let other people watch it, and then people started stumbling on it, and I started getting some comments and some letters and all sorts of feedback from random people around the world. 
(Laughter) Let's pause here. 
I actually got a natural high and a good mood for the entire day, since I remember seeing all of this matrix text in class, and here I'm all like, 'I know kung fu.' "" (Laughter) We get a lot of feedback along those lines. 
This is just an excerpt from one of those letters: "" My 12 year-old son has autism, and has had a terrible time with math. 
We have tried everything, viewed everything, bought everything. 
We stumbled on your video on decimals, and it got through. 
(Laughter) (Applause) But I was excited, so I kept going. 
And then a few other things started to dawn on me; that not only would it help my cousins right now, or these people who were sending letters, but that this content will never grow old, that it could help their kids or their grandkids. 
(Laughter) Assuming he was good. We don't know. (Laughter) 
One, when those teachers are doing that, there's the obvious benefit — the benefit that now their students can enjoy the videos in the way that my cousins did, they can pause, repeat at their own pace, at their own time. 
And so, what I'm showing over here, these are actual exercises that I started writing for my cousins. 
The ones I started were much more primitive. 
And the Khan Academy videos are there. 
You get hints, the actual steps for that problem, if you don't know how to do it. 
In a traditional classroom, you have homework, lecture, homework, lecture, and then you have a snapshot exam. 
And the idea is you fast forward and good students start failing algebra all of the sudden, and start failing calculus all of the sudden, despite being smart, despite having good teachers, and it's usually because they have these Swiss cheese gaps that kept building throughout their foundation. 
The traditional model, it penalizes you for experimentation and failure, but it does not expect mastery. 
Green means the student's already proficient. 
Or even better, "" Let me get one of the green kids, who are already proficient in that concept, to be the first line of attack, and actually tutor their peer. "" (Applause) Now, I come from a very data-centric reality, so we don't want that teacher to even go and intervene and have to ask the kid awkward questions: "" What don't you understand? What do you understand? "" and all the rest. 
Now as valuable as something like this is in a district like Los Altos, our goal is to use technology to humanize, not just in Los Altos, but on a global scale, what's happening in education. 
Imagine what happens if that student in Calcutta all of the sudden can tutor your son, or your son can tutor that kid in Calcutta. 
And I think what you'll see emerging is this notion of a global one-world classroom. 
Tell me what you're thinking there. 
(Laughter) BG: And the collaboration you're doing with Los Altos, how did that come about? 
Someone from their board came and said, "What would you do if you had carte Blanche in a classroom?" 
Through the summers, as they go from one teacher to the next, you have this continuity of data that even at the district level, they can see. 
BG: So some of those views we saw were for the teacher to go in and track actually what's going on with those kids. 
(Laughter) No, no reason why it really can't happen in every classroom in America tomorrow. 
The idea there is, if I'm confused about a topic, somehow right in the user interface, I'd find people who are volunteering, maybe see their reputation, and I could schedule and connect up with those people? 
Those dashboards the teachers have, you can go log in right now and you can essentially become a coach for your kids, your nephews, your cousins, or maybe some kids at the Boys and Girls Club. 
(Applause) 

(Music) ♫ Here we stand ♫ ♫ Like an Adam and an Eve ♫ ♫ Waterfalls ♫ ♫ The Garden of Eden ♫ ♫ Two fools in love ♫ ♫ So beautiful and strong ♫ ♫ Birds in the trees ♫ ♫ Are smiling upon them ♫ ♫ From the age of the dinosaurs ♫ ♫ Cars would run on gasoline ♫ ♫ Where? Where have they gone? ♫ ♫ Now, there's nothing but flowers ♫ ♫ This was a factory ♫ ♫ Now there are mountains and rivers ♫ ♫ You got it, you got it ♫ ♫ We caught a rattlesnake ♫ 
♫ Now we've got something for dinner ♫ ♫ You got it, you got it ♫ ♫ This was a parking lot ♫ ♫ Now it's all covered with flowers ♫ ♫ You got it, you got it ♫ ♫ If this is paradise ♫ ♫ I wish I had a lawnmower ♫ ♫ You got it, you got it ♫ ♫ This was a shopping mall ♫ ♫ Now it's turned into corn field ♫ ♫ You got it, you got it ♫ ♫ Don't leave me stranded here ♫ ♫ I can't get used to this lifestyle ♫ (Applause) 
Thomas Dolby: David Byrne. 
(Applause) 

Well, I'm involved in other things, besides physics. 
In fact, mostly now in other things. 
One thing is distant relationships among human languages. 
And the professional, historical linguists in the U.S. 
and in Western Europe mostly try to stay away from any long-distance relationships, big groupings, groupings that go back a long time, longer than the familiar families. 
They don't like that. They think it's crank. I don't think it's crank. 
And there are some brilliant linguists, mostly Russians, who are working on that, at Santa Fe Institute and in Moscow, and I would love to see where that leads. 
Does it really lead to a single ancestor some 20, 25,000 years ago? 
And what if we go back beyond that single ancestor, when there was presumably a competition among many languages? 
How far back does that go? How far back does modern language go? 
How many tens of thousands of years does it go back? 
Chris Anderson: Do you have a hunch or a hope for what the answer to that is? 
Murray Gell-Mann: Well, I would guess that modern language must be older than the cave paintings and cave engravings and cave sculptures and dance steps in the soft clay in the caves in Western Europe, in the Aurignacian Period some 35,000 years ago, or earlier. 
I can't believe they did all those things and didn't also have a modern language. 
So, I would guess that the actual origin goes back at least that far and maybe further. 
But that doesn't mean that all, or many, or most of today's attested languages couldn't descend perhaps from one that's much younger than that, like say 20,000 years, or something of that kind. It's what we call a bottleneck. 
CA: Well, Philip Anderson may have been right. 
You may just know more about everything than anyone. 
So, it's been an honor. Thank you Murray Gell-Mann. 
(Applause) 

Namaste. Salaam. 
Shalom. Sat Sri Akal. 
Greetings to all of you from Pakistan. 
It is often said that we fear that which we do not know. 
And Pakistan, in this particular vein, is very similar. 
Because it has provoked, and does provoke, a visceral anxiety in the bellies of many a Western soul, especially when viewed through the monochromatic lens of turbulence and turmoil. 
But there are many other dimensions to Pakistan. 
And what follows is a stream of images, a series of images captured by some of Pakistan's most dynamic and young photographers, that aims to give you an alternative glimpse, a look inside the hearts and minds of some ordinary Pakistani citizens. 
Here are some of the stories they wanted us to share with you. 
My name is Abdul Khan. I come from Peshawar. 
I hope that you will be able to see not just my Taliban-like beard, but also the richness and color of my perceptions, aspirations and dreams, as rich and colorful as the satchels that I sell. 
My name is Meher and this is my friend Irim. 
I hope to become a vet when I grow up so that I can take care of stray cats and dogs who wander around the streets of the village that I live near Gilgit, northern Pakistan. 
My name is Kailash. And I like to enrich lives through technicolored glass. 
Madame, would you like some of those orange bangles with the pink polka dots? 
My name is Zamin. 
And I'm an IDP, an internally displaced person, from Swat. 
Do you see me on the other side of this fence? 
Do I matter, or really exist for you? 
My name is Iman. I am a fashion model, an up-and-coming model from Lahore. 
Do you see me simply smothered in cloth? 
Or can you move beyond my veil and see me for who I truly am inside? 
My name is Ahmed. I am an Afghan refugee from the Khyber agency. 
I have come from a place of intense darkness. 
And that is why I want to illuminate the world. 
My name is Papusay. 
My heart and drum beat as one. 
If religion is the opium of the masses, then for me, music is my one and only ganja. 
A rising tide lifts all boats. 
And the rising tide of India's spectacular economic growth has lifted over 400 million Indians into a buoyant middle class. 
But there are still over 650 million Indians, Pakistanis, Sri Lankans, Bangladeshis, Nepalese, who remain washed up on the shores of poverty. 
Therefore as India and Pakistan, as you and I, it behooves us to transcend our differences, to celebrate our diversity, to leverage our common humanity. 
Our collective vision at Naya Jeevan, which for many of you, as you all recognize, means "" new life "" in Urdu and Hindi, is to rejuvenate the lives of millions of low income families by providing them with affordable access to catastrophic health care. 
Indeed it is the emerging world's first HMO for the urban working poor. 
Why should we do this as Indians and Pakistanis? 
We are but two threads cut from the same cloth. 
And if our fates are intertwined, then we believe that it is good karma, it is good fortune. 
And for many of us, our fortunes do indeed lie at the bottom of the pyramid. Thank you. 
(Applause) Chris Anderson: Fantastic. Just stay up here. 
That was fantastic. 
I found that really moving. 
You know, we fought hard to get at least a small Pakistani contingent to come. 
It felt like it was really important. 
They went through a lot to get here. 
Would the Pakistanis please just stand up please? 
I just really wanted to acknowledge you. 
(Applause) Thank you so much. 

And if you're in this room today, most of us grew up in a world where we have basic civil rights, and amazingly, we still live in a world where some women don't have them. 
And the problem is this: Women are not making it to the top of any profession anywhere in the world. 
Of all the people in parliament in the world, 13 percent are women. 
In the corporate sector, women at the top, C-level jobs, board seats — tops out at 15, 16 percent. 
A recent study in the U.S. showed that, of married senior managers, two-thirds of the married men had children and only one-third of the married women had children. 
And so I said, "" Did you just move into this office? "" And he said, "" No, we've been here about a year. "" And I said, "" Are you telling me that I am the only woman to have pitched a deal in this office in a year? "" And he looked at me, and he said, "Yeah. Or maybe you're the only one who had to go to the bathroom." 
I want to start out by saying, I talk about this — about keeping women in the workforce — because I really think that's the answer. 
In the high-income part of our workforce, in the people who end up at the top — Fortune 500 CEO jobs, or the equivalent in other industries — the problem, I am convinced, is that women are dropping out. 
Now people talk about this a lot, and they talk about things like flextime and mentoring and programs companies should have to train women. 
I left San Francisco, where I live, on Monday, and I was getting on the plane for this conference. 
I know no women, whether they're at home or whether they're in the workforce, who don't feel that sometimes. 
So I'm not saying that staying in the workforce is the right thing for everyone. 
My talk today is about what the messages are if you do want to stay in the workforce, and I think there are three. 
Just a couple weeks ago at Facebook, we hosted a very senior government official, and he came in to meet with senior execs from around Silicon Valley. 
He had these two women who were traveling with him pretty senior in his department, and I kind of said to them, "Sit at the table. Come on, sit at the table," and they sat on the side of the room. 
And I took it with my roommate, Carrie, who was then a brilliant literary student — and went on to be a brilliant literary scholar — and my brother — smart guy, but a water-polo-playing pre-med, who was a sophomore. 
The three of us take this class together. 
He reads one book of 12 and goes to a couple of lectures, marches himself up to our room a couple days before the exam to get himself tutored. 
If you test men and women, and you ask them questions on totally objective criteria like GPAs, men get it wrong slightly high, and women get it wrong slightly low. 
Women do not negotiate for themselves in the workforce. 
A study in the last two years of people entering the workforce out of college showed that 57 percent of boys entering, or men, I guess, are negotiating their first salary, and only seven percent of women. 
And most importantly, men attribute their success to themselves, and women attribute it to other external factors. 
Obviously. Why are you even asking? "" If you ask women why they did a good job, what they'll say is someone helped them, they got lucky, they worked really hard. 
Boy, it matters a lot. 
Because no one gets to the corner office by sitting on the side, not at the table, and no one gets the promotion if they don't think they deserve their success, or they don't even understand their own success. 
But it's not that simple. 
There's a famous Harvard Business School study on a woman named Heidi Roizen. 
And she's an operator in a company in Silicon Valley, and she uses her contacts to become a very successful venture capitalist. 
In 2002 — not so long ago — a professor who was then at Columbia University took that case and made it [Howard] Roizen. 
And he gave the case out, both of them, to two groups of students. 
But that one word made a really big difference. 
This is the complication. 
We have to tell our daughters and our colleagues, we have to tell ourselves to believe we got the A, to reach for the promotion, to sit at the table, and we have to do it in a world where, for them, there are sacrifices they will make for that, even though for their brothers, there are not. 
I put my hand down, and I noticed all the women did the same, and then you took more questions, only from the men. "" And I thought to myself, "" Wow, if it's me — who cares about this, obviously — giving this talk — and during this talk, I can't even notice that the men's hands are still raised, and the women's hands are still raised, how good are we as managers of our companies and our organizations at seeing that the men are reaching for opportunities more than women? "" We've got to get women to sit at the table. 
The data shows this very clearly. 
If a woman and a man work full-time and have a child, the woman does twice the amount of housework the man does, and the woman does three times the amount of childcare the man does. 
When I go to the Mommy-and-Me stuff and I see the father there, I notice that the other mommies don't play with him. 
And that's a problem, because we have to make it as important a job, because it's the hardest job in the world to work inside the home, for people of both genders, if we're going to even things out and let women stay in the workforce. 
(Applause) Studies show that households with equal earning and equal responsibility also have half the divorce rate. 
(Cheers) Message number three: Don't leave before you leave. 
I think there's a really deep irony to the fact that actions women are taking — and I see this all the time — with the objective of staying in the workforce actually lead to their eventually leaving. 
Here's what happens: We're all busy. Everyone's busy. A woman's busy. 
And she starts thinking about having a child, and from the moment she starts thinking about having a child, she starts thinking about making room for that child. 
And if two years ago you didn't take a promotion and some guy next to you did, if three years ago you stopped looking for new opportunities, you're going to be bored because you should have kept your foot on the gas pedal. 
Keep your foot on the gas pedal, until the very day you need to leave to take a break for a child — and then make your decisions. 

I'm a lexicographer. 
I make dictionaries. 
And my job as a lexicographer is to try to put all the words possible into the dictionary. 
My job is not to decide what a word is; that is your job. 
Everybody who speaks English decides together what's a word and what's not a word. 
Every language is just a group of people who agree to understand each other. 
Now, sometimes when people are trying to decide whether a word is good or bad, they don't really have a good reason. 
So they say something like, "" Because grammar! "" (Laughter) I don't actually really care about grammar too much — don't tell anybody. 
But the word "" grammar, "" actually, there are two kinds of grammar. 
There's the kind of grammar that lives inside your brain, and if you're a native speaker of a language or a good speaker of a language, it's the unconscious rules that you follow when you speak that language. 
And this is what you learn when you learn a language as a child. 
And here's an example: This is a wug, right? 
It's a wug. 
Now there is another one. 
There are two of these. 
There are two... 
Audience: Wugs. 
Erin McKean: Exactly! You know how to make the plural of wug. 
That rule lives in your brain. 
You never had to be taught this rule, you just understand it. 
This is an experiment that was invented by a professor at [Boston University] named Jean Berko Gleason back in 1958. 
So we've been talking about this for a long time. 
Now, these kinds of natural rules that exist in your brain, they're not like traffic laws, they're more like laws of nature. 
And nobody has to remind you to obey a law of nature, right? 
When you leave the house in the morning, your mom doesn't say, "" Hey, honey, I think it's going to be cold, take a hoodie, don't forget to obey the law of gravity. "" Nobody says this. 
Now, there are other rules that are more about manners than they are about nature. 
So you can think of a word as like a hat. 
Once you know how hats work, nobody has to tell you, "" Don't wear hats on your feet. "" What they have to tell you is, "" Can you wear hats inside? 
Who gets to wear a hat? 
What are the kinds of hats you get to wear? "" Those are more of the second kind of grammar, which linguists often call usage, as opposed to grammar. 
Now, sometimes people use this kind of rules-based grammar to discourage people from making up words. 
And I think that is, well, stupid. 
So, for example, people are always telling you, "Be creative, make new music, do art, invent things, science and technology." 
But when it comes to words, they're like, "Don't! No. Creativity stops right here, whippersnappers. Give it a rest." 
(Laughter) But that makes no sense to me. 
Words are great. We should have more of them. 
I want you to make as many new words as possible. 
And I'm going to tell you six ways that you can use to make new words in English. 
The first way is the simplest way. 
Basically, steal them from other languages. 
["" Go rob other people ""] (Laughter) Linguists call this borrowing, but we never give the words back, so I'm just going to be honest and call it stealing. 
We usually take words for things that we like, like delicious food. 
We took "" kumquat "" from Chinese, we took "" caramel "" from French. 
We also take words for cool things like "" ninja, "" right? 
We took that from Japanese, which is kind of a cool trick because ninjas are hard to steal from. 
(Laughter) So another way that you can make words in English is by squishing two other English words together. 
This is called compounding. 
Words in English are like Lego: If you use enough force, you can put any two of them together. 
(Laughter) We do this all the time in English: Words like "" heartbroken, "" "" bookworm, "" "" sandcastle "" all are compounds. 
So go ahead and make words like "" duckface, "" just don't make duckface. 
(Laughter) Another way that you can make words in English is kind of like compounding, but instead you use so much force when you squish the words together that some parts fall off. 
So these are blend words, like "" brunch "" is a blend of "" breakfast "" and "" lunch. "" "Motel" is a blend of "motor" and "hotel." 
Who here knew that "" motel "" was a blend word? 
Yeah, that word is so old in English that lots of people don't know that there are parts missing. 
"Edutainment" is a blend of "education" and "entertainment." 
And of course, "" electrocute "" is a blend of "" electric "" and "" execute. "" (Laughter) You can also make words by changing how they operate. 
This is called functional shift. 
You take a word that acts as one part of speech, and you change it into another part of speech. 
Okay, who here knew that "" friend "" hasn't always been a verb? 
"" Friend "" used to be noun and then we verbed it. 
Almost any word in English can be verbed. 
You can also take adjectives and make them into nouns. 
"" Commercial "" used to be an adjective and now it's a noun. 
And of course, you can "" green "" things. 
Another way to make words in English is back-formation. 
You can take a word and you can kind of squish it down a little bit. 
So for example, in English we had the word "" editor "" before we had the word "" edit. "" "Edit" was formed from "editor." 
Sometimes these back-formations sound a little silly: Bulldozers bulldoze, butlers butle and burglers burgle. 
(Laughter) Another way to make words in English is to take the first letters of something and squish them together. 
So National Aeronautics and Space Administration becomes NASA. 
And of course you can do this with anything, OMG! 
So it doesn't matter how silly the words are. 
They can be really good words of English. 
"" Absquatulate "" is a perfectly good word of English. 
"" Mugwump "" is a perfectly good word of English. 
So the words don't have have to sound normal, they can sound really silly. 
Why should you make words? 
You should make words because every word is a chance to express your idea and get your meaning across. 
And new words grab people's attention. 
They get people to focus on what you're saying and that gives you a better chance to get your meaning across. 
A lot of people on this stage today have said, "" In the future, you can do this, you can help with this, you can help us explore, you can help us invent. "" You can make a new word right now. 
English has no age limit. 
Go ahead, start making words today, send them to me, and I will put them in my online dictionary, Wordnik. 
Thank you so much. 
(Applause) 

Phyllis Rodriguez: We are here today because of the fact that we have what most people consider an unusual friendship. 
And it is. 
And yet, it feels natural to us now. 
I first learned that my son had been in the World Trade Center on the morning of September 11th, 2001. 
We didn't know if he had perished yet until 36 hours later. 
At the time, we knew that it was political. 
We were afraid of what our country was going to do in the name of our son — my husband, Orlando, and I and our family. 
And when I saw it — and yet, through the shock, the terrible shock, and the terrible explosion in our lives, literally, we were not vengeful. 
And a couple of weeks later when Zacarias Moussaoui was indicted on six counts of conspiracy to commit terrorism, and the U.S. government called for a death penalty for him, if convicted, my husband and I spoke out in opposition to that, publicly. 
Through that and through human rights groups, we were brought together with several other victims' families. 
When I saw Aicha in the media, coming over when her son was indicted, and I thought, "" What a brave woman. 
Someday I want to meet that woman when I'm stronger. "" I was still in deep grief; I knew I didn't have the strength. 
I knew I would find her someday, or we would find each other. 
Because, when people heard that my son was a victim, I got immediate sympathy. 
But when people learned what her son was accused of, she didn't get that sympathy. 
But her suffering is equal to mine. 
So we met in November 2002, and Aicha will now tell you how that came about. 
(Translator) Aicha el-Wafi: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. 
I am the mother of Zacarias Moussaoui. 
And I asked the Organization of Human Rights to put me in touch with the parents of the victims. 
So they introduced me to five families. 
And I saw Phyllis, and I watched her. 
She was the only mother in the group. 
The others were brothers, sisters. 
And I saw in her eyes that she was a mother, just like me. 
I suffered a lot as a mother. 
I was married when I was 14. 
I lost a child when I was 15, a second child when I was 16. 
So the story with Zacarias was too much really. 
And I still suffer, because my son is like he's buried alive. 
I know she really cried for her son. 
But she knows where he is. 
My son, I don't know where he is. 
I don't know if he's alive. I don't know if he's tortured. 
I don't know what happened to him. 
So that's why I decided to tell my story, so that my suffering is something positive for other women. 
For all the women, all the mothers that give life, you can give back, you can change. 
It's up to us women, because we are women, because we love our children. 
We must be hand-in-hand and do something together. 
It's not against women, it's for us, for us women, for our children. 
I talk against violence, against terrorism. 
I go to schools to talk to young, Muslim girls so they don't accept to be married against their will very young. 
So if I can save one of the young girls, and avoid that they get married and suffer as much as I did, well this is something good. 
This is why I'm here in front of you. 
PR: I would like to say that I have learned so much from Aicha, starting with that day we had our very first meeting with other family members — which was a very private meeting with security, because it was November 2002, and, frankly, we were afraid of the super-patriotism of that time in the country — those of us family members. 
But we were all so nervous. 
"Why does she want to meet us?" 
And then she was nervous. 
"Why did we want to meet her?" 
What did we want from each other? 
Before we knew each others' names, or anything, we had embraced and wept. 
Then we sat in a circle with support, with help, from people experienced in this kind of reconciliation. 
And Aicha started, and she said, "" I don't know if my son is guilty or innocent, but I want to tell you how sorry I am for what happened to your families. 
I know what it is to suffer, and I feel that if there is a crime, a person should be tried fairly and punished. "" But she reached out to us in that way, and it was, I'd like to say, it was an ice-breaker. 
And what happened then is we all told our stories, and we all connected as human beings. 
By the end of the afternoon — it was about three hours after lunch — we'd felt as if we'd known each other forever. 
Now what I learned from her, is a woman, not only who could be so generous under these present circumstances and what it was then, and what was being done to her son, but the life she's had. 
I never had met someone with such a hard life, from such a totally different culture and environment from my own. 
And I feel that we have a special connection, which I value very much. 
And I think it's all about being afraid of the other, but making that step and then realizing, "" Hey, this wasn't so hard. 
Who else can I meet that I don't know, or that I'm so different from? "" So, Aicha, do you have a couple of words for conclusion? 
Because our time is up. 
(Laughter) (Translator) AW: I wanted to say that we have to try to know other people, the other. 
You have to be generous, and your hearts must be generous, your mind must be generous. 
You must be tolerant. 
You have to fight against violence. 
And I hope that someday we'll all live together in peace and respecting each other. 
This is what I wanted to say. 
(Applause) 

In 2012, when I painted the minaret of Jara Mosque in my hometown of Gabés, in the south of Tunisia, I never thought that graffiti would bring so much attention to a city. 
At the beginning, I was just looking for a wall in my hometown, and it happened that the minaret was built in '94. 
And for 18 years, those 57 meters of concrete stayed grey. 
When I met the imam for the first time, and I told him what I wanted to do, he was like, "" Thank God you finally came, "" and he told me that for years he was waiting for somebody to do something on it. 
The most amazing thing about this imam is that he didn't ask me anything — neither a sketch, or what I was going to write. 
In every work that I create, I write messages with my style of calligraffiti — a mix of calligraphy and graffiti. 
I use quotes or poetry. 
For the minaret, I thought that the most relevant message to be put on a mosque should come from the Quran, so I picked this verse: "" Oh humankind, we have created you from a male and a female, and made you people and tribe, so you may know each other. "" It was a universal call for peace, tolerance, and acceptance coming from the side that we don't usually portray in a good way in the media. 
I was amazed to see how the local community reacted to the painting, and how it made them proud to see the minaret getting so much attention from international press all around the world. 
For the imam, it was not just the painting; it was really deeper than that. 
He hoped that this minaret would become a monument for the city, and attract people to this forgotten place of Tunisia. 
The universality of the message, the political context of Tunisia at this time, and the fact that I was writing Quran in a graffiti way were not insignificant. 
It reunited the community. 
Bringing people, future generations, together through Arabic calligraphy is what I do. 
Writing messages is the essence of my artwork. 
What is funny, actually, is that even Arabic-speaking people really need to focus a lot to decipher what I'm writing. 
You don't need to know the meaning to feel the piece. 
I think that Arabic script touches your soul before it reaches your eyes. 
There is a beauty in it that you don't need to translate. 
Arabic script speaks to anyone, I believe; to you, to you, to you, to anybody, and then when you get the meaning, you feel connected to it. 
I always make sure to write messages that are relevant to the place where I'm painting, but messages that have a universal dimension, so anybody around the world can connect to it. 
I was born and raised in France, in Paris, and I started learning how to write and read Arabic when I was 18. 
Today I only write messages in Arabic. 
One of the reasons this is so important to me, is because of all the reaction that I've experienced all around the world. 
In Rio de Janeiro, I translated this Portuguese poem from Gabriela Tôrres Barbosa, who was giving an homage to the poor people of the favela, and then I painted it on the rooftop. 
The local community were really intrigued by what I was doing, but as soon as I gave them the meaning of the calligraphy, they thanked me, as they felt connected to the piece. 
In South Africa, in Cape Town, the local community of Philippi offered me the only concrete wall of the slum. 
It was a school, and I wrote on it a quote from Nelson Mandela, saying, "" [in Arabic], "" which means, "" It seems impossible until it's done. "" Then this guy came to me and said, "" Man, why you don't write in English? "" and I replied to him, "" I would consider your concern legit if you asked me why I didn't write in Zulu. "" In Paris, once, there was this event, and someone gave his wall to be painted. 
And when he saw I was painting in Arabic, he got so mad — actually, hysterical — and he asked for the wall to be erased. 
I was mad and disappointed. 
But a week later, the organizer of the event asked me to come back, and he told me that there was a wall right in front of this guy's house. 
So, this guy — (Laughter) like, was forced to see it every day. 
At the beginning, I was going to write, "" [In Arabic], "" which means, "" In your face, "" but — (Laughter) I decided to be smarter and I wrote, "" [In Arabic], "" which means, "" Open your heart. "" I'm really proud of my culture, and I'm trying to be an ambassador of it through my artwork. 
And I hope that I can break the stereotypes we all know, with the beauty of Arabic script. 
Today, I don't write the translation of the message anymore on the wall. 
I don't want the poetry of the calligraphy to be broken, as it's art and you can appreciate it without knowing the meaning, as you can enjoy any music from other countries. 
Some people see that as a rejection or a closed door, but for me, it's more an invitation — to my language, to my culture, and to my art. 
Thank you. 
(Applause) 

I dedicated the past two years to understanding how people achieve their dreams. 
Your overnight success story is always a result of everything you've done in your life through that moment. 
Even if I did little, sales would be OK. 
Yes, it may be hard to find talent. 
Once I saw an ad, and it was a lot of friends, they were going up a mountain, it was a very high mountain, and it was a lot of work. 

(Aquatic noises) So this video was taken at Aquarius undersea laboratory four miles off the coast of Key Largo, about 60 feet below the surface. 
NASA uses this extreme environment to train astronauts and aquanauts, and last year, they invited us along for the ride. 
All the footage was taken from our open ROV, which is a robot that we built in our garage. 
So ROV stands for Remote Operated Vehicle, which in our case means our little robot sends live video across that ultra-thin tether back to the computer topside. 
It's open source, meaning we publish and share all of our design files and all of our code online, allowing anyone to modify or improve or change the design. 
It's built with mostly off-the-shelf parts and costs about 1,000 times cheaper than the ROVs James Cameron used to explore the Titanic. 
So ROVs aren't new. 
They've been around for decades. 
Scientists use ROVs to explore the oceans. 
Oil and gas companies use them for exploration and construction. 
What we've built isn't unique. 
It's how we've built it that's really unique. 
So I want to give you a quick story of how it got started. 
So a few years ago, my friend Eric and I decided we wanted to explore this underwater cave in the foothills of the Sierras. 
We had heard this story about lost gold from a Gold Rush-era robbery, and we wanted to go up there. 
Unfortunately, we didn't have any money and we didn't have any tools to do it. 
So Eric had an initial design idea for a robot, but we didn't have all the parts figured out, so we did what anybody would do in our situation: we asked the Internet for help. 
More specifically, we created this website, openROV.com, and shared our intentions and our plans For the first few months, it was just Eric and I talking back to each other on the forums, but pretty soon, we started to get feedback from makers and hobbyists, and then actually professional ocean engineers who had some suggestions for what we should do. 
We kept working on it. We learned a lot. 
We kept prototyping, and eventually, we decided we wanted to go to the cave. We were ready. 
So about that time, our little expedition became quite a story, and it got picked up in The New York Times. 
And we were pretty much just overwhelmed with interest from people who wanted a kit that they could build this open ROV themselves. 
So we decided to put the project on Kickstarter, and when we did, we raised our funding goal in about two hours, and all of a sudden, had this money to make these kits. 
But then we had to learn how to make them. 
I mean, we had to learn small batch manufacturing. 
So we quickly learned that our garage was not big enough to hold our growing operation. 
But we were able to do it, we got all the kits made, thanks a lot to TechShop, which was a big help to us, and we shipped these kits all over the world just before Christmas of last year, so it was just a few months ago. 
But we're already starting to get video and photos back from all over the world, including this shot from under the ice in Antarctica. 
We've also learned the penguins love robots. 
(Laughter) So we're still publishing all the designs online, encouraging anyone to build these themselves. 
That's the only way that we could have done this. 
By being open source, we've created this distributed R & D network, and we're moving faster than any venture-backed counterpart. 
But the actual robot is really only half the story. 
The real potential, the long term potential, is with this community of DIY ocean explorers that are forming all over the globe. 
What can we discover when there's thousands of these devices roaming the seas? 
So you're probably all wondering: the cave. 
Did you find the gold? 
Well, we didn't find any gold, but we decided that what we found was much more valuable. 
It was the glimpse into a potential future for ocean exploration. 
It's something that's not limited to the James Camerons of the world, but something that we're all participating in. 
It's an underwater world we're all exploring together. 
Thank you. 
(Applause) 

So when I was in Morocco, in Casablanca, not so long ago, I met a young unmarried mother called Faiza. 
Faiza showed me photos of her infant son and she told me the story of his conception, pregnancy, and delivery. 
It was a remarkable tale, but Faiza saved the best for last. 
"" You know, I am a virgin, "" she told me. 
"I have two medical certificates to prove it." 
This is the modern Middle East, where two millennia after the coming of Christ, virgin births are still a fact of life. 
Faiza's story is just one of hundreds I've heard over the years, traveling across the Arab region talking to people about sex. 
Now, I know this might sound like a dream job, or possibly a highly dubious occupation, but for me, it's something else altogether. 
I'm half Egyptian, and I'm Muslim. 
But I grew up in Canada, far from my Arab roots. 
Like so many who straddle East and West, I've been drawn, over the years, to try to better understand my origins. 
That I chose to look at sex comes from my background in HIV / AIDS, as a writer and a researcher and an activist. 
Sex lies at the heart of an emerging epidemic in the Middle East and North Africa, which is one of only two regions in the world where HIV / AIDS is still on the rise. 
Now sexuality is an incredibly powerful lens with which to study any society, because what happens in our intimate lives is reflected by forces on a bigger stage: in politics and economics, in religion and tradition, in gender and generations. 
As I found, if you really want to know a people, you start by looking inside their bedrooms. 
Now to be sure, the Arab world is vast and varied. 
But running across it are three red lines — these are topics you are not supposed to challenge in word or deed. 
The first of these is politics. 
But the Arab Spring has changed all that, in uprisings which have blossomed across the region since 2011. 
Now while those in power, old and new, continue to cling to business as usual, millions are still pushing back, and pushing forward to what they hope will be a better life. 
That second red line is religion. 
But now religion and politics are connected, with the rise of such groups as the Muslim Brotherhood. 
And some people, at least, are starting to ask questions about the role of Islam in public and private life. 
You know, as for that third red line, that off-limits subject, what do you think it might be? 
Audience: Sex. 
Shereen El Feki: Louder, I can't hear you. 
Audience: Sex. 
SEF: Again, please don't be shy. 
Audience: Sex. 
SEF: Absolutely, that's right, it's sex. (Laughter) Across the Arab region, the only accepted context for sex is marriage — approved by your parents, sanctioned by religion and registered by the state. 
Marriage is your ticket to adulthood. 
If you don't tie the knot, you can't move out of your parents' place, and you're not supposed to be having sex, and you're definitely not supposed to be having children. 
It's a social citadel; it's an impregnable fortress which resists any assault, any alternative. 
And around the fortress is this vast field of taboo against premarital sex, against condoms, against abortion, against homosexuality, you name it. 
Faiza was living proof of this. 
Her virginity statement was not a piece of wishful thinking. 
Although the major religions of the region extoll premarital chastity, in a patriarchy, boys will be boys. 
Men have sex before marriage, and people more or less turn a blind eye. 
Not so for women, who are expected to be virgins on their wedding night — that is, to turn up with your hymen intact. 
This is not a question of individual concern, this is a matter of family honor, and in particular, men's honor. 
And so women and their relatives will go to great lengths to preserve this tiny piece of anatomy — from female genital mutilation, to virginity testing, to hymen repair surgery. 
Faiza chose a different route: non-vaginal sex. 
Only she became pregnant all the same. 
But Faiza didn't actually realize this, because there's so little sexuality education in schools, and so little communication in the family. 
When her condition became hard to hide, Faiza's mother helped her flee her father and brothers. 
This is because honor killings are a real threat for untold numbers of women in the Arab region. 
And so when Faiza eventually fetched up at a hospital in Casablanca, the man who offered to help her, instead tried to rape her. 
Sadly, Faiza is not alone. 
In Egypt, where my research is focused, I have seen plenty of trouble in and out of the citadel. 
There are legions of young men who can't afford to get married, because marriage has become a very expensive proposition. 
They are expected to bear the burden of costs in married life, but they can't find jobs. 
This is one of the major drivers of the recent uprisings, and it is one of the reasons for the rising age of marriage in much of the Arab region. 
There are career women who want to get married, but can't find a husband, because they defy gender expectations, or as one young female doctor in Tunisia put it to me, "" The women, they are becoming more and more open. 
But the man, he is still at the prehistoric stage. "" And then there are men and women who cross the heterosexual line, who have sex with their own sex, or who have a different gender identity. 
They are on the receiving end of laws which punish their activities, even their appearance. 
And they face a daily struggle with social stigma, with family despair, and with religious fire and brimstone. 
Now, it's not as if it's all rosy in the marital bed either. 
Couples who are looking for greater happiness, greater sexual happiness in their married lives, but are at a loss of how to achieve it, especially wives, who are afraid of being seen as bad women if they show some spark in the bedroom. 
And then there are those whose marriages are actually a veil for prostitution. 
They have been sold by their families, often to wealthy Arab tourists. 
This is just one face of a booming sex trade across the Arab region. 
Now raise your hand if any of this is sounding familiar to you, from your part of the world. 
Yeah. It's not as if the Arab world has a monopoly on sexual hangups. 
And although we don't yet have an Arab Kinsey Report to tell us exactly what's happening inside bedrooms across the Arab region, It's pretty clear that something is not right. 
Double standards for men and women, sex as a source of shame, family control limiting individual choices, and a vast gulf between appearance and reality: what people are doing and what they're willing to admit to, and a general reluctance to move beyond private whispers to a serious and sustained public discussion. 
As one doctor in Cairo summed it up for me, "" Here, sex is the opposite of sport. 
Football, everybody talks about it, but hardly anyone plays. 
But sex, everybody is doing it, but nobody wants to talk about it. "" (Laughter) (Music) (In Arabic) SEF: I want to give you a piece of advice, which if you follow it, will make you happy in life. 
When your husband reaches out to you, when he seizes a part of your body, sigh deeply and look at him lustily. 
When he penetrates you with his penis, try to talk flirtatiously and move yourself in harmony with him. 
Hot stuff! 
And it might sound that these handy hints come from "" The Joy of Sex "" or YouPorn. 
But in fact, they come from a 10th-century Arabic book called "" The Encyclopedia of Pleasure, "" which covers sex from aphrodisiacs to zoophilia, and everything in between. 
The Encyclopedia is just one in a long line of Arabic erotica, much of it written by religious scholars. 
Going right back to the Prophet Muhammad, there is a rich tradition in Islam of talking frankly about sex: not just its problems, but also its pleasures, and not just for men, but also for women. 
A thousand years ago, we used to have whole dictionaries of sex in Arabic. 
Words to cover every conceivable sexual feature, position and preference, a body of language that was rich enough to make up the body of the woman you see on this page. 
Today, this history is largely unknown in the Arab region. 
Even by educated people, who often feel more comfortable talking about sex in a foreign language than they do in their own tongue. 
Today's sexual landscape looks a lot like Europe and America on the brink of the sexual revolution. 
But while the West has opened on sex, what we found is that Arab societies appear to have been moving in the opposite direction. 
In Egypt and many of its neighbors, this closing down is part of a wider closing in political, social and cultural thought. 
And it is the product of a complex historical process, one which has gained ground with the rise of Islamic conservatism since the late 1970s. 
"" Just say no "" is what conservatives around the world say to any challenge to the sexual status quo. 
In the Arab region, they brand these attempts as a Western conspiracy to undermine traditional Arab and Islamic values. 
But what's really at stake here is one of their most powerful tools of control: sex wrapped up in religion. 
But history shows us that even as recently as our fathers' and grandfathers' day, there have been times of greater pragmatism, and tolerance, and a willingness to consider other interpretations: be it abortion, or masturbation, or even the incendiary topic of homosexuality. 
It is not black and white, as conservatives would have us believe. 
In these, as in so many other matters, Islam offers us at least 50 shades of gray. 
(Laughter) Over my travels, I've met men and women across the Arab region who've been exploring that spectrum — sexologists who are trying to help couples find greater happiness in their marriages, innovators who are managing to get sexuality education into schools, small groups of men and women, lesbian, gay, transgendered, transsexual, who are reaching out to their peers with online initiatives and real-world support. 
Women, and increasingly men, who are starting to speak out and push back against sexual violence on the streets and in the home. 
Groups that are trying to help sex workers protect themselves against HIV and other occupational hazards, and NGOs that are helping unwed mothers like Faiza find a place in society, and critically, stay with their kids. 
Now these efforts are small, they're often underfunded, and they face formidable opposition. 
But I am optimistic that, in the long run, times are changing, and they and their ideas will gain ground. 
Social change doesn't happen in the Arab region through dramatic confrontation, beating or indeed baring of breasts, but rather through negotiation. 
What we're talking here is not about a sexual revolution, but a sexual evolution, learning from other parts of the world, adapting to local conditions, forging our own path, not following one blazed by another. 
That path, I hope, will one day lead us to the right to control our own bodies, and to access the information and services we need to lead satisfying and safe sexual lives. 
The right to express our ideas freely, to marry whom we choose, to choose our own partners, to be sexually active or not, to decide whether to have children and when, all this without violence or force or discrimination. 
Now we are very far from this across the Arab region, and so much needs to change: law, education, media, the economy, the list goes on and on, and it is the work of a generation, at least. 
But it begins with a journey that I myself have made, asking hard questions of received wisdoms in sexual life. 
And it is a journey which has only served to strengthen my faith, and my appreciation of local histories and cultures by showing me possibilities where I once only saw absolutes. 
Now given the turmoil in many countries in the Arab region, talking about sex, challenging the taboos, seeking alternatives might sound like something of a luxury. 
But at this critical moment in history, if we do not anchor freedom and justice, dignity and equality, privacy and autonomy in our personal lives, in our sexual lives, we will find it very hard to achieve in public life. 
The political and the sexual are intimate bedfellows, and that is true for us all. 
no matter where we live and love. 
Thank you. 
(Applause) 

Daffodil Hudson: Hello? 
Yeah, this is she. 
What? 
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, of course I accept. 
What are the dates again? 
Pen. Pen. Pen. 
March 17 through 21. 
Okay, all right, great. Thanks. 
Lab Partner: Who was that? 
DH: It was TED. 
LP: Who's TED? 
DH: I've got to prepare. 
["" Give Your Talk: A Musical ""] (Music) ["" My Talk ""] ♪ Procrastination. ♪ What do you think? 
(Doorbell) Can I help you? 
(Music) Speaker Coach 1: ♪ Let's prepare for main stage. ♪ ♪ It's your time to shine. ♪ ♪ If you want to succeed then ♪ ♪ you must be primed. ♪ Speaker Coach 2: ♪ Your slides are bad ♪ ♪ but your idea is good ♪ ♪ so you can bet before we're through, ♪ ♪ speaker, we'll make a TED Talk out of you. ♪ Speaker Coach 3: ♪ We know about climate change, ♪ ♪ but what can you say that's new? ♪ ♪ SC 1: Once you find your focus ♪ ♪ then the talk comes into view. ♪ 
SC 2: ♪ Don't ever try to sell something ♪ ♪ from up on that stage ♪ ♪ or we won't post your talk online. ♪ All: ♪ Somehow we'll make a TED Talk out of you. ♪ (Music) SC 1: Ready to practice one more time? 
DH: Right now? 
Stagehand: Break a leg. 
DH: ♪ I'll never remember all this. ♪ ♪ Will the clicker work when I press it? ♪ ♪ Why must Al Gore go right before me? ♪ ♪ Oh man, I'm scared to death. ♪ ♪ I hope I don't pass out onstage ♪ ♪ and now I really wish I wasn't wearing green. ♪ All: ♪ Give your talk. ♪ SC 1: ♪ You must be be sweet like Brené Brown. ♪ All: ♪ Give your talk. ♪ SC 2: ♪ You must be funny like Ken Robinson. ♪ All: ♪ Give your talk. ♪ SC 3: ♪ You must be cool like Reggie Watts ♪ 
All: ♪ and bring out a prop like Jill Bolte Taylor. ♪ DH: ♪ My time is running over. The clock now says nil. ♪ ♪ I'm saying my words faster. Understand me still. ♪ ♪ I'm too nervous to give this TED Talk. ♪ All: ♪ Don't give up. Rehearse. You're good. ♪ ♪ We'll edit out the mistakes that you make. ♪ ♪ Give your talk. ♪ DH: ♪ I will be big like Amy Cuddy. ♪ All: ♪ Give your talk. ♪ DH: ♪ I will inspire like Liz Gilbert. ♪ All: ♪ Give your talk. ♪ DH: ♪ I will engage like Hans Rosling ♪ 
♪ and release mosquitos ♪ ♪ like Bill Gates. ♪ SC 2: ♪ I'll make a TED Talk out of you. ♪ ♪ I'll make a TED Talk out of you. ♪ ♪ I'll make a TED Talk out of you. ♪ ♪ I'll make a TED Talk out of you. ♪ ♪ I'll make a TED Talk out of you. ♪ (Applause) ["" Brought to you by TED staff and friends ""] (Music) 

So my name is Taylor Wilson. 
I am 17 years old and I am a nuclear physicist, which may be a little hard to believe, but I am. 
And I would like to make the case that nuclear fusion will be that point, that the bridge that T. Boone Pickens talked about will get us to. 
So nuclear fusion is our energy future. 
And the second point, making the case that kids can really change the world. 
So you may ask — (Applause) You may ask me, well how do you know what our energy future is? 
Well I built a fusion reactor when I was 14 years old. 
That is the inside of my nuclear fusion reactor. 
I started building this project when I was about 12 or 13 years old. 
I decided I wanted to make a star. 
Now most of you are probably saying, well there's no such thing as nuclear fusion. 
I don't see any nuclear power plants with fusion energy. 
Well it doesn't break even. 
It doesn't produce more energy out than I put in, but it still does some pretty cool stuff. 
And I assembled this in my garage, and it now lives in the physics department of the University of Nevada, Reno. 
And it slams together deuterium, which is just hydrogen with an extra neutron in it. 
So this is similar to the reaction of the proton chain that's going on inside the Sun. 
And I'm slamming it together so hard that that hydrogen fuses together, and in the process it has some byproducts, and I utilize those byproducts. 
So this previous year, I won the Intel International Science and Engineering Fair. 
I developed a detector that replaces the current detectors that Homeland Security has. 
For hundreds of dollars, I've developed a system that exceeds the sensitivity of detectors that are hundreds of thousands of dollars. 
I built this in my garage. 
(Applause) And I've developed a system to produce medical isotopes. 
Instead of requiring multi-million-dollar facilities I've developed a device that, on a very small scale, can produce these isotopes. 
So that's my fusion reactor in the background there. 
That is me at the control panel of my fusion reactor. 
Oh, by the way, I make yellowcake in my garage, so my nuclear program is as advanced as the Iranians. 
So maybe I don't want to admit to that. 
This is me at CERN in Geneva, Switzerland, which is the preeminent particle physics laboratory in the world. 
And this is me with President Obama, showing him my Homeland Security research. 
(Applause) So in about seven years of doing nuclear research, I started out with a dream to make a "" star in a jar, "" a star in my garage, and I ended up meeting the president and developing things that I think can change the world, and I think other kids can too. 
So thank you very much. 
(Applause) 

Writing biography is a strange thing to do. 
It's a journey into the foreign territory of somebody else's life, a journey, an exploration that can take you places you never dreamed of going and still can't quite believe you've been, especially if, like me, you're an agnostic Jew and the life you've been exploring is that of Muhammad. 
Five years ago, for instance, I found myself waking each morning in misty Seattle to what I knew was an impossible question: What actually happened one desert night, half the world and almost half of history away? 
What happened, that is, on the night in the year 610 when Muhammad received the first revelation of the Koran on a mountain just outside Mecca? 
This is the core mystical moment of Islam, and as such, of course, it defies empirical analysis. 
Yet the question wouldn't let go of me. 
I was fully aware that for someone as secular as I am, just asking it could be seen as pure chutzpah. 
(Laughter) And I plead guilty as charged, because all exploration, physical or intellectual, is inevitably in some sense an act of transgression, of crossing boundaries. 
Still, some boundaries are larger than others. 
So a human encountering the divine, as Muslims believe Muhammad did, to the rationalist, this is a matter not of fact but of wishful fiction, and like all of us, I like to think of myself as rational. 
Which might be why when I looked at the earliest accounts we have of that night, what struck me even more than what happened was what did not happen. 
Muhammad did not come floating off the mountain as though walking on air. 
He did not run down shouting, "" Hallelujah! "" and "" Bless the Lord! "" He did not radiate light and joy. 
There were no choirs of angels, no music of the spheres, no elation, no ecstasy, no golden aura surrounding him, no sense of an absolute, fore-ordained role as the messenger of God. 
That is, he did none of the things that might make it easy to cry foul, to put down the whole story as a pious fable. 
Quite the contrary. 
In his own reported words, he was convinced at first that what had happened couldn't have been real. 
At best, he thought, it had to have been a hallucination — a trick of the eye or the ear, perhaps, or his own mind working against him. 
At worst, possession — that he'd been seized by an evil jinn, a spirit out to deceive him, even to crush the life out of him. 
In fact, he was so sure that he could only be majnun, possessed by a jinn, that when he found himself still alive, his first impulse was to finish the job himself, to leap off the highest cliff and escape the terror of what he'd experienced by putting an end to all experience. 
So the man who fled down the mountain that night trembled not with joy but with a stark, primordial fear. 
He was overwhelmed not with conviction, but by doubt. 
And that panicked disorientation, that sundering of everything familiar, that daunting awareness of something beyond human comprehension, can only be called a terrible awe. 
This might be somewhat difficult to grasp now that we use the word "" awesome "" to describe a new app or a viral video. 
With the exception perhaps of a massive earthquake, we're protected from real awe. 
We close the doors and hunker down, convinced that we're in control, or, at least, hoping for control. 
We do our best to ignore the fact that we don't always have it, and that not everything can be explained. 
Yet whether you're a rationalist or a mystic, whether you think the words Muhammad heard that night came from inside himself or from outside, what's clear is that he did experience them, and that he did so with a force that would shatter his sense of himself and his world and transform this otherwise modest man into a radical advocate for social and economic justice. 
Fear was the only sane response, the only human response. 
Too human for some, like conservative Muslim theologians who maintain that the account of his wanting to kill himself shouldn't even be mentioned, despite the fact that it's in the earliest Islamic biographies. 
They insist that he never doubted for even a single moment, let alone despaired. 
Demanding perfection, they refuse to tolerate human imperfection. 
Yet what, exactly, is imperfect about doubt? 
As I read those early accounts, I realized it was precisely Muhammad's doubt that brought him alive for me, that allowed me to begin to see him in full, to accord him the integrity of reality. 
And the more I thought about it, the more it made sense that he doubted, because doubt is essential to faith. 
If this seems a startling idea at first, consider that doubt, as Graham Greene once put it, is the heart of the matter. 
Abolish all doubt, and what's left is not faith, but absolute, heartless conviction. 
You're certain that you possess the Truth — inevitably offered with an implied uppercase T — and this certainty quickly devolves into dogmatism and righteousness, by which I mean a demonstrative, overweening pride in being so very right, in short, the arrogance of fundamentalism. 
It has to be one of the multiple ironies of history that a favorite expletive of Muslim fundamentalists is the same one once used by the Christian fundamentalists known as Crusaders: "infidel," from the Latin for "faithless." 
Doubly ironic, in this case, because their absolutism is in fact the opposite of faith. 
In effect, they are the infidels. 
Like fundamentalists of all religious stripes, they have no questions, only answers. 
They found the perfect antidote to thought and the ideal refuge of the hard demands of real faith. 
They don't have to struggle for it like Jacob wrestling through the night with the angel, or like Jesus in his 40 days and nights in the wilderness, or like Muhammad, not only that night on the mountain, but throughout his years as a prophet, with the Koran constantly urging him not to despair, and condemning those who most loudly proclaim that they know everything there is to know and that they and they alone are right. 
And yet we, the vast and still far too silent majority, have ceded the public arena to this extremist minority. 
We've allowed Judaism to be claimed by violently messianic West Bank settlers, Christianity by homophobic hypocrites and misogynistic bigots, Islam by suicide bombers. 
And we've allowed ourselves to be blinded to the fact that no matter whether they claim to be Christians, Jews or Muslims, militant extremists are none of the above. 
They're a cult all their own, blood brothers steeped in other people's blood. 
This isn't faith. 
It's fanaticism, and we have to stop confusing the two. 
We have to recognize that real faith has no easy answers. 
It's difficult and stubborn. 
It involves an ongoing struggle, a continual questioning of what we think we know, a wrestling with issues and ideas. 
It goes hand in hand with doubt, in a never-ending conversation with it, and sometimes in conscious defiance of it. 
And this conscious defiance is why I, as an agnostic, can still have faith. 
I have faith, for instance, that peace in the Middle East is possible despite the ever-accumulating mass of evidence to the contrary. 
I'm not convinced of this. 
I can hardly say I believe it. 
I can only have faith in it, commit myself, that is, to the idea of it, and I do this precisely because of the temptation to throw up my hands in resignation and retreat into silence. 
Because despair is self-fulfilling. 
If we call something impossible, we act in such a way that we make it so. 
And I, for one, refuse to live that way. 
In fact, most of us do, whether we're atheist or theist or anywhere in between or beyond, for that matter, what drives us is that, despite our doubts and even because of our doubts, we reject the nihilism of despair. 
We insist on faith in the future and in each other. 
Call this naive if you like. 
Call it impossibly idealistic if you must. 
But one thing is sure: Call it human. 
Could Muhammad have so radically changed his world without such faith, without the refusal to cede to the arrogance of closed-minded certainty? 
I think not. 
After keeping company with him as a writer for the past five years, I can't see that he'd be anything but utterly outraged at the militant fundamentalists who claim to speak and act in his name in the Middle East and elsewhere today. 
He'd be appalled at the repression of half the population because of their gender. 
He'd be torn apart by the bitter divisiveness of sectarianism. 
He'd call out terrorism for what it is, not only criminal but an obscene travesty of everything he believed in and struggled for. 
He'd say what the Koran says: Anyone who takes a life takes the life of all humanity. 
Anyone who saves a life, saves the life of all humanity. 
And he'd commit himself fully to the hard and thorny process of making peace. 
Thank you. 
(Applause) Thank you. (Applause) 

(Music) Dannielle Hadley: Life in Pennsylvania means just that: life without the possibility of parole. 
For us lifers, as we call ourselves, our only chance for release is through commutation, which has only been granted to two women since 1989, close to 30 years ago. 
Our song, "" This Is Not Our Home, "" it tells of our experiences while doing life without the possibility of parole. 
(Music) Brenda Watkins: I'm a woman. 
I'm a grandmother. 
I'm a daughter. 
I have a son. 
I'm not an angel. 
I'm not the devil. 
I came to jail when I was so young. 
I spend my time here inside these prison walls. 
Lost friends to death, saw some go home. 
Watch years pass, people come and go, while I do life without parole. 
I am a prisoner for the wrong I've done. 
I'm doing time here. 
This is not my home. 
Dream of freedom, hope for mercy. 
Will I see my family or die alone? 
As the years go by, I hold back my tears, because if I cry I'd give in to fear. 
I must be strong, have to hold on. 
Gotta get through another year. 
I am a prisoner for the wrong I've done. 
I'm doing time here. This is not my home. 
Dream of freedom, hope for mercy. 
Will I see my family or die alone? 
I'm not saying that I'm not guilty, I'm not saying that I shouldn't pay. 
All I'm asking is for forgiveness. 
Gotta have hope I'll be free someday. 
Is there a place for me in the world out there? 
Will they ever know or care that I'm chained? 
Is there redemption for the sin of my younger days? 
Because I've changed. 
Lord knows I've changed. 
I am a prisoner for the wrong I've done. 
I'm doing time here. This is not my home. 
Dream of freedom, hope for mercy. 
Will I see my family or die alone? Will I see my family or die alone? 
I'm known to you as Inmate 008106. Incarcerated 29 years. My name is Brenda Watkins. I was born and raised in Hoffman, North Carolina. This is not my home. (Applause) 
Thelma Nichols: Inmate number 0B2472. 
I've been incarcerated for 27 years. 
My name is Thelma Nichols. 
I was born and raised in Philadelphia, P.A. 
This is not my home. 
(Applause) DH: 008494. 
I've been incarcerated for 27 years. 
My name is Dannielle Hadley. 
I was born and raised in Philadelphia, P.A, and this is not my home. 
(Applause) Theresa Battles: Inmate 008309. 
I've been incarcerated for 27 years. 
My name is Theresa Battles. 
I'm from Norton, New Jersey, and this is not my home. 
(Applause) Debra Brown: I am known as Inmate 007080. 
I've been incarcerated for 30 years. 
My name is Debra Brown. 
I'm from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. 
This is not my home. 
(Applause) Joann Butler: 005961. 
I've been incarcerated for 37 years. 
My name is Joann Butler, and I was born and raised in Philadelphia. 
This is not my home. 
(Applause) Diane Hamill Metzger: Number 005634. 
I've been incarcerated for 39 and one half years. 
My name is Diane Hamill Metzger. 
I'm from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and this is not my home. 
(Applause) Lena Brown: I am 004867. 
Incarcerated 40 years. 
My name is Lena Brown, and I was born and raised in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, and this is not my home. 
(Applause) Trina Garnett: My number is 005545. 
My name is Trina Garnett, I've been incarcerated for 37 years, since I was 14 years old. 
Born and raised in Chester, Pennsylvania, and this is not my home. 
(Applause) Will I see my family or die alone? 
Or die alone? 
(Applause) 

I'm used to thinking of the TED audience as a wonderful collection of some of the most effective, intelligent, intellectual, savvy, worldly and innovative people in the world. 
(Laughter) Now I know that seems ludicrous. I know that seems ludicrous. 
So I went back to the store and said to the owner, "I love the shoes, but I hate the laces." 
As it turns out — (Laughter) there's a strong form and a weak form of this knot, and we were taught the weak form. 
If you pull the strands at the base of the knot, you will see that the bow will orient itself down the long axis of the shoe. 
Pull the knot. 
Now, in keeping with today's theme, I'd like to point out — something you already know — that sometimes a small advantage someplace in life can yield tremendous results someplace else. 

I'd like to begin with a thought experiment. 
Imagine that it's 4,000 years into the future. 
Civilization as we know it has ceased to exist — no books, no electronic devices, no Facebook or Twitter. 
All knowledge of the English language and the English alphabet has been lost. 
Now imagine archeologists digging through the rubble of one of our cities. 
What might they find? 
Well perhaps some rectangular pieces of plastic with strange symbols on them. 
Perhaps some circular pieces of metal. 
Maybe some cylindrical containers with some symbols on them. 
And perhaps one archeologist becomes an instant celebrity when she discovers — buried in the hills somewhere in North America — massive versions of these same symbols. 
Now let's ask ourselves, what could such artifacts say about us to people 4,000 years into the future? 
This is no hypothetical question. 
In fact, this is exactly the kind of question we're faced with when we try to understand the Indus Valley civilization, which existed 4,000 years ago. 
The Indus civilization was roughly contemporaneous with the much better known Egyptian and the Mesopotamian civilizations, but it was actually much larger than either of these two civilizations. 
It occupied the area of approximately one million square kilometers, covering what is now Pakistan, Northwestern India and parts of Afghanistan and Iran. 
Given that it was such a vast civilization, you might expect to find really powerful rulers, kings, and huge monuments glorifying these powerful kings. 
In fact, what archeologists have found is none of that. 
They've found small objects such as these. 
Here's an example of one of these objects. 
Well obviously this is a replica. 
But who is this person? 
A king? A god? 
A priest? 
Or perhaps an ordinary person like you or me? 
We don't know. 
But the Indus people also left behind artifacts with writing on them. 
Well no, not pieces of plastic, but stone seals, copper tablets, pottery and, surprisingly, one large sign board, which was found buried near the gate of a city. 
Now we don't know if it says Hollywood, or even Bollywood for that matter. 
In fact, we don't even know what any of these objects say, and that's because the Indus script is undeciphered. 
We don't know what any of these symbols mean. 
The symbols are most commonly found on seals. 
So you see up there one such object. 
It's the square object with the unicorn-like animal on it. 
Now that's a magnificent piece of art. 
So how big do you think that is? 
Perhaps that big? 
Or maybe that big? 
Well let me show you. 
Here's a replica of one such seal. 
It's only about one inch by one inch in size — pretty tiny. 
So what were these used for? 
We know that these were used for stamping clay tags that were attached to bundles of goods that were sent from one place to the other. 
So you know those packing slips you get on your FedEx boxes? 
These were used to make those kinds of packing slips. 
You might wonder what these objects contain in terms of their text. 
Perhaps they're the name of the sender or some information about the goods that are being sent from one place to the other — we don't know. 
We need to decipher the script to answer that question. 
Deciphering the script is not just an intellectual puzzle; it's actually become a question that's become deeply intertwined with the politics and the cultural history of South Asia. 
In fact, the script has become a battleground of sorts between three different groups of people. 
First, there's a group of people who are very passionate in their belief that the Indus script does not represent a language at all. 
These people believe that the symbols are very similar to the kind of symbols you find on traffic signs or the emblems you find on shields. 
There's a second group of people who believe that the Indus script represents an Indo-European language. 
If you look at a map of India today, you'll see that most of the languages spoken in North India belong to the Indo-European language family. 
So some people believe that the Indus script represents an ancient Indo-European language such as Sanskrit. 
There's a last group of people who believe that the Indus people were the ancestors of people living in South India today. 
These people believe that the Indus script represents an ancient form of the Dravidian language family, which is the language family spoken in much of South India today. 
And the proponents of this theory point to that small pocket of Dravidian-speaking people in the North, actually near Afghanistan, and they say that perhaps, sometime in the past, Dravidian languages were spoken all over India and that this suggests that the Indus civilization is perhaps also Dravidian. 
Which of these hypotheses can be true? 
We don't know, but perhaps if you deciphered the script, you would be able to answer this question. 
But deciphering the script is a very challenging task. 
First, there's no Rosetta Stone. 
I don't mean the software; I mean an ancient artifact that contains in the same text both a known text and an unknown text. 
We don't have such an artifact for the Indus script. 
And furthermore, we don't even know what language they spoke. 
And to make matters even worse, most of the text that we have are extremely short. 
So as I showed you, they're usually found on these seals that are very, very tiny. 
And so given these formidable obstacles, one might wonder and worry whether one will ever be able to decipher the Indus script. 
In the rest of my talk, I'd like to tell you about how I learned to stop worrying and love the challenge posed by the Indus script. 
I've always been fascinated by the Indus script ever since I read about it in a middle school textbook. 
And why was I fascinated? 
Well it's the last major undeciphered script in the ancient world. 
My career path led me to become a computational neuroscientist, so in my day job, I create computer models of the brain to try to understand how the brain makes predictions, how the brain makes decisions, how the brain learns and so on. 
But in 2007, my path crossed again with the Indus script. 
That's when I was in India, and I had the wonderful opportunity to meet with some Indian scientists who were using computer models to try to analyze the script. 
And so it was then that I realized there was an opportunity for me to collaborate with these scientists, and so I jumped at that opportunity. 
And I'd like to describe some of the results that we have found. 
Or better yet, let's all collectively decipher. 
Are you ready? 
The first thing that you need to do when you have an undeciphered script is try to figure out the direction of writing. 
Here are two texts that contain some symbols on them. 
Can you tell me if the direction of writing is right to left or left to right? 
I'll give you a couple of seconds. 
Okay. Right to left, how many? Okay. 
Okay. Left to right? 
Oh, it's almost 50 / 50. Okay. 
The answer is: if you look at the left-hand side of the two texts, you'll notice that there's a cramping of signs, and it seems like 4,000 years ago, when the scribe was writing from right to left, they ran out of space. 
And so they had to cram the sign. 
One of the signs is also below the text on the top. 
This suggests the direction of writing was probably from right to left, and so that's one of the first things we know, that directionality is a very key aspect of linguistic scripts. 
And the Indus script now has this particular property. 
What other properties of language does the script show? 
Languages contain patterns. 
If I give you the letter Q and ask you to predict the next letter, what do you think that would be? 
Most of you said U, which is right. 
Now if I asked you to predict one more letter, what do you think that would be? 
Now there's several thoughts. There's E. It could be I. It could be A, but certainly not B, C or D, right? 
The Indus script also exhibits similar kinds of patterns. 
There's a lot of text that start with this diamond-shaped symbol. 
And this in turn tends to be followed by this quotation marks-like symbol. 
And this is very similar to a Q and U example. 
This symbol can in turn be followed by these fish-like symbols and some other signs, but never by these other signs at the bottom. 
And furthermore, there's some signs that really prefer the end of texts, such as this jar-shaped sign, and this sign, in fact, happens to be the most frequently occurring sign in the script. 
Given such patterns, here was our idea. 
The idea was to use a computer to learn these patterns, and so we gave the computer the existing texts. 
And the computer learned a statistical model of which symbols tend to occur together and which symbols tend to follow each other. 
Given the computer model, we can test the model by essentially quizzing it. 
So we could deliberately erase some symbols, and we can ask it to predict the missing symbols. 
Here are some examples. 
You may regard this as perhaps the most ancient game of Wheel of Fortune. 
What we found was that the computer was successful in 75 percent of the cases in predicting the correct symbol. 
In the rest of the cases, typically the second best guess or third best guess was the right answer. 
There's also practical use for this particular procedure. 
There's a lot of these texts that are damaged. 
Here's an example of one such text. 
And we can use the computer model now to try to complete this text and make a best guess prediction. 
Here's an example of a symbol that was predicted. 
And this could be really useful as we try to decipher the script by generating more data that we can analyze. 
Now here's one other thing you can do with the computer model. 
So imagine a monkey sitting at a keyboard. 
I think you might get a random jumble of letters that looks like this. 
Such a random jumble of letters is said to have a very high entropy. 
This is a physics and information theory term. 
But just imagine it's a really random jumble of letters. 
How many of you have ever spilled coffee on a keyboard? 
You might have encountered the stuck-key problem — so basically the same symbol being repeated over and over again. 
This kind of a sequence is said to have a very low entropy because there's no variation at all. 
Language, on the other hand, has an intermediate level of entropy; it's neither too rigid, nor is it too random. 
What about the Indus script? 
Here's a graph that plots the entropies of a whole bunch of sequences. 
At the very top you find the uniformly random sequence, which is a random jumble of letters — and interestingly, we also find the DNA sequence from the human genome and instrumental music. 
And both of these are very, very flexible, which is why you find them in the very high range. 
At the lower end of the scale, you find a rigid sequence, a sequence of all A's, and you also find a computer program, in this case in the language Fortran, which obeys really strict rules. 
Linguistic scripts occupy the middle range. 
Now what about the Indus script? 
We found that the Indus script actually falls within the range of the linguistic scripts. 
When this result was first published, it was highly controversial. 
There were people who raised a hue and cry, and these people were the ones who believed that the Indus script does not represent language. 
I even started to get some hate mail. 
My students said that I should really seriously consider getting some protection. 
Who'd have thought that deciphering could be a dangerous profession? 
What does this result really show? 
It shows that the Indus script shares an important property of language. 
So, as the old saying goes, if it looks like a linguistic script and it acts like a linguistic script, then perhaps we may have a linguistic script on our hands. 
What other evidence is there that the script could actually encode language? 
Well linguistic scripts can actually encode multiple languages. 
So for example, here's the same sentence written in English and the same sentence written in Dutch using the same letters of the alphabet. 
If you don't know Dutch and you only know English and I give you some words in Dutch, you'll tell me that these words contain some very unusual patterns. 
Some things are not right, and you'll say these words are probably not English words. 
The same thing happens in the case of the Indus script. 
The computer found several texts — two of them are shown here — that have very unusual patterns. 
So for example the first text: there's a doubling of this jar-shaped sign. 
This sign is the most frequently-occurring sign in the Indus script, and it's only in this text that it occurs as a doubling pair. 
Why is that the case? 
We went back and looked at where these particular texts were found, and it turns out that they were found very, very far away from the Indus Valley. 
They were found in present day Iraq and Iran. 
And why were they found there? 
What I haven't told you is that the Indus people were very, very enterprising. 
They used to trade with people pretty far away from where they lived, and so in this case, they were traveling by sea all the way to Mesopotamia, present-day Iraq. 
And what seems to have happened here is that the Indus traders, the merchants, were using this script to write a foreign language. 
It's just like our English and Dutch example. 
And that would explain why we have these strange patterns that are very different from the kinds of patterns you see in the text that are found within the Indus Valley. 
This suggests that the same script, the Indus script, could be used to write different languages. 
The results we have so far seem to point to the conclusion that the Indus script probably does represent language. 
If it does represent language, then how do we read the symbols? 
That's our next big challenge. 
So you'll notice that many of the symbols look like pictures of humans, of insects, of fishes, of birds. 
Most ancient scripts use the rebus principle, which is, using pictures to represent words. 
So as an example, here's a word. 
Can you write it using pictures? 
I'll give you a couple seconds. 
Got it? 
Okay. Great. 
Here's my solution. 
You could use the picture of a bee followed by a picture of a leaf — and that's "" belief, "" right. 
There could be other solutions. 
In the case of the Indus script, the problem is the reverse. 
You have to figure out the sounds of each of these pictures such that the entire sequence makes sense. 
So this is just like a crossword puzzle, except that this is the mother of all crossword puzzles because the stakes are so high if you solve it. 
My colleagues, Iravatham Mahadevan and Asko Parpola, have been making some headway on this particular problem. 
And I'd like to give you a quick example of Parpola's work. 
Here's a really short text. 
It contains seven vertical strokes followed by this fish-like sign. 
And I want to mention that these seals were used for stamping clay tags that were attached to bundles of goods, so it's quite likely that these tags, at least some of them, contain names of merchants. 
And it turns out that in India there's a long tradition of names being based on horoscopes and star constellations present at the time of birth. 
In Dravidian languages, the word for fish is "" meen "" which happens to sound just like the word for star. 
And so seven stars would stand for "" elu meen, "" which is the Dravidian word for the Big Dipper star constellation. 
Similarly, there's another sequence of six stars, and that translates to "" aru meen, "" which is the old Dravidian name for the star constellation Pleiades. 
And finally, there's other combinations, such as this fish sign with something that looks like a roof on top of it. 
And that could be translated into "" mey meen, "" which is the old Dravidian name for the planet Saturn. 
So that was pretty exciting. 
It looks like we're getting somewhere. 
But does this prove that these seals contain Dravidian names based on planets and star constellations? 
Well not yet. 
So we have no way of validating these particular readings, but if more and more of these readings start making sense, and if longer and longer sequences appear to be correct, then we know that we are on the right track. 
Today, we can write a word such as TED in Egyptian hieroglyphics and in cuneiform script, because both of these were deciphered in the 19th century. 
The decipherment of these two scripts enabled these civilizations to speak to us again directly. 
The Mayans started speaking to us in the 20th century, but the Indus civilization remains silent. 
Why should we care? 
The Indus civilization does not belong to just the South Indians or the North Indians or the Pakistanis; it belongs to all of us. 
These are our ancestors — yours and mine. 
They were silenced by an unfortunate accident of history. 
If we decipher the script, we would enable them to speak to us again. 
What would they tell us? 
What would we find out about them? About us? 
I can't wait to find out. 
Thank you. 
(Applause) 

I collaborate with bacteria. 
And I'm about to show you some stop-motion footage that I made recently where you'll see bacteria accumulating minerals from their environment over the period of an hour. 
So what you're seeing here is the bacteria metabolizing, and as they do so they create an electrical charge. 
And this attracts metals from their local environment. 
And these metals accumulate as minerals on the surface of the bacteria. 
One of the most pervasive problems in the world today for people is inadequate access to clean drinking water. 
And the desalination process is one where we take out salts. 
We can use it for drinking and agriculture. 
Removing the salts from water — particularly seawater — through reverse osmosis is a critical technique for countries who do not have access to clean drinking water around the globe. 
So seawater reverse osmosis is a membrane-filtration technology. 
We take the water from the sea and we apply pressure. 
And this pressure forces the seawater through a membrane. 
This takes energy, producing clean water. 
But we're also left with a concentrated salt solution, or brine. 
But the process is very expensive and it's cost-prohibitive for many countries around the globe. 
And also, the brine that's produced is oftentimes just pumped back out into the sea. 
And this is detrimental to the local ecology of the sea area that it's pumped back out into. 
So I work in Singapore at the moment, and this is a place that's really a leading place for desalination technology. 
And Singapore proposes by 2060 to produce [900] million liters per day of desalinated water. 
But this will produce an equally massive amount of desalination brine. 
And this is where my collaboration with bacteria comes into play. 
So what we're doing at the moment is we're accumulating metals like calcium, potassium and magnesium from out of desalination brine. 
And this, in terms of magnesium and the amount of water that I just mentioned, equates to a $4.5 billion mining industry for Singapore — a place that doesn't have any natural resources. 
So I'd like you to image a mining industry in a way that one hasn't existed before; imagine a mining industry that doesn't mean defiling the Earth; imagine bacteria helping us do this by accumulating and precipitating and sedimenting minerals out of desalination brine. 
And what you can see here is the beginning of an industry in a test tube, a mining industry that is in harmony with nature. 
Thank you. 
(Applause) 

Today, I want you to look at children who become suicide bombers through a completely different lens. 
In 2009, there were 500 bomb blasts across Pakistan. 
I spent the year working with children who were training to become suicide bombers and with Taliban recruiters, trying to understand how the Taliban were converting these children into live ammunition and why these children were actively signing up to their cause. 
I want you to watch a short video from my latest documentary film, "" Children of the Taliban. "" (Singing) The Taliban now run their own schools. 
They target poor families and convince the parents to send their children. 
In return, they provide free food and shelter and sometimes pay the families a monthly stipend. 
We've obtained a propaganda video made by the Taliban. 
Young boys are taught justifications for suicide attacks and the execution of spies. 
I made contact with a child from Swat who studied in a madrassa like this. 
Hazrat Ali is from a poor farming family in Swat. 
He joined the Taliban a year ago when he was 13. 
How do the Taliban in your area get people to join them? 
Hazrat Ali: They first call us to the mosque and preach to us. 
Then they take us to a madrassa and teach us things from the Koran. 
Sharmeen Obaid Chinoy: He tells me that children are then given months of military training. 
HA: They teach us to use machine guns, Kalashnikov, rocket launchers, grenades, bombs. 
They ask us to use them only against the infidels. 
Then they teach us to do a suicide attack. 
SOC: Would you like to carry out a suicide attack? 
HA: If God gives me strength. 
SOC: I, in my research, have seen that the Taliban have perfected the way in which they recruit and train children, and I think it's a five-step process. 
Step one is that the Taliban prey on families that are large, that are poor, that live in rural areas. 
They separate the parents from the children by promising to provide food, clothing, shelter to these children. 
Then they ship them off, hundreds of miles away to hard-line schools that run along the Taliban agenda. 
Step two: They teach the children the Koran, which is Islam's holiest book, in Arabic, a language these children do not understand and cannot speak. 
They rely very heavily on teachers, who I have personally seen distort the message to these children as and when it suits their purpose to. 
These children are explicitly forbidden from reading newspapers, listening to radio, reading any books that the teachers do not prescribe them. 
If any child is found violating these rules, he is severely reprimanded. 
Effectively, the Taliban create a complete blackout of any other source of information for these children. 
Step three: The Taliban want these children to hate the world that they currently live in. 
So they beat these children — I have seen it; they feed them twice a day dried bread and water; they rarely allow them to play games; they tell them that, for eight hours at a time, all they have to do is read the Koran. 
The children are virtual prisoners; they cannot leave, they cannot go home. 
Their parents are so poor, they have no resources to get them back. 
Step four: The older members of the Taliban, the fighters, start talking to the younger boys about the glories of martyrdom. 
They talk to them about how when they die, they will be received up with lakes of honey and milk, how there will be 72 virgins waiting for them in paradise, how there will be unlimited food, and how this glory is going to propel them to become heroes in their neighborhoods. 
Effectively, this is the brainwashing process that has begun. 
Step five: I believe the Taliban have one of the most effective means of propaganda. 
Their videos that they use are intercut with photographs of men and women and children dying in Iraq and Afghanistan and in Pakistan. 
And the basic message is that the Western powers do not care about civilian deaths, so those people who live in areas and support governments that work with Western powers are fair game. 
That's why Pakistani civilians, over 6,000 of whom have been killed in the last two years alone, are fair game. 
Now these children are primed to become suicide bombers. 
They're ready to go out and fight because they've been told that this is effectively their only way to glorify Islam. 
I want you to watch another excerpt from the film. 
This boy is called Zenola. 
He blew himself up, killing six. 
This boy is called Sadik. 
He killed 22. 
This boy is called Messoud. 
He killed 28. 
The Taliban are running suicide schools, preparing a generation of boys for atrocities against civilians. 
Do you want to carry out a suicide attack? 
Boy: I would love to. 
But only if I get permission from my dad. 
When I look at suicide bombers younger than me, or my age, I get so inspired by their terrific attacks. 
SOC: What blessing would you get from carrying out a suicide attack? 
Boy: On the day of judgment, God will ask me, "Why did you do that?" 
I will answer, "" My Lord! Only to make you happy! 
I have laid down my life fighting the infidels. "" Then God will look at my intention. 
If my intention was to eradicate evil for Islam, then I will be rewarded with paradise. 
Singer: ♫ On the day of judgment ♫ ♫ My God will call me ♫ ♫ My body will be put back together ♫ ♫ And God will ask me why I did this ♫ SOC: I leave you all with this thought: If you grew up in these circumstances, faced with these choices, would you choose to live in this world or in the glorious afterlife? 
As one Taliban recruiter told me, "There will always be sacrificial lambs in this war." 
Thank you. 
(Applause) 

One of the things that defines a TEDster is you've taken your passion, and you've turned it into stewardship. 
You actually put action to the issues you care about. 
But what you're going to find eventually is you may need to actually get elected officials to help you out. 
So, how do you do that? 
One of the things I should probably tell you is, I worked for the Discovery Channel early in my career, and that sort of warped my framework. 
So, when you start to think about politicians, you've got to realize these are strange creatures. 
Other than the fact that they can't tell directions, and they have very strange breeding habits, how do you actually work with these things? (Laughter) What we need to understand is: What drives the political creature? 
And there are two things that are primary in a politician's heart: One is reputation and influence. 
These are the primary tools by which a politician can do his job. 
The second one — unlike most animals, which is survival of the species — this is preservation of self. 
Now you may think it's money, but that's actually sort of a proxy to what I can do to preserve myself. 
Now, the challenge with you moving your issue forward is these animals are getting broadcast to all the time. 
So, what doesn't work, in terms of getting your issue to be important? 
You can send them an email. 
Well, unfortunately, I've got so many Viagra ads coming at me, your email is lost. 
It doesn't matter, it's spam. 
How about you get on the phone? 
Well, chances are I've got a droid who's picking up the phone, "Yes, they called, and they said they didn't like it." 
That doesn't move. 
Face to face would work, but it's hard to set it up. 
It's hard to get the context and actually get the communication to work. 
Yes, contributions actually do make a difference and they set a context for having a conversation, but it takes some time to build up. 
So what actually works? 
And the answer is rather strange. 
It's a letter. 
We live in a digital world, but we're fairly analog creatures. 
Letters actually work. 
Even the top dog himself takes time every day to read 10 letters that are picked out by staff. 
I can tell you that every official that I've ever worked with will tell you about the letters they get and what they mean. 
So, how are you going to write your letter? 
First of all, you're going to pick up an analog device: a pen. 
I know these are tough, and you may have a hard time getting your hand bent around it, (Laughter) but this is actually critical. 
And it is critical that you actually handwrite your letter. 
It is so novel to see this, that somebody actually picked up an analog device and has written to me. 
Second of all, I'm going to recommend that you get into a proactive stance and write to your elected officials at least once a month. 
Here's my promise to you: If you are consistent and do this, within three months the elected official will start calling you when that issue comes up and say, "" What do you think? "" Now, I'm going to give you a four paragraph format to work with. 
Now, when you approach these animals, you need to understand there's a dangerous end to them, and you also need to approach them with some level of respect and a little bit of wariness. 
So in paragraph number one, what I'm going to tell you to do is very simply this: You appreciate them. 
You may not appreciate the person, you may not appreciate anything else, but maybe you appreciate the fact that they've got a tough gig. 
When animals are going to make a point, they make the point. 
They don't spend a lot of time dicking around. 
So, here you go. (Laughter) Paragraph number two: You may actually have to just get very blunt and say what's really on your mind. 
When you do this, don't attack people; you attack tactics. 
Ad hominem attacks will get you nowhere. 
Paragraph number three: When animals are attacked or cornered, they will fight to the death, so you have to give them an exit. 
Most of the time, if they have an exit strategy, they should take it. 
"" Obviously, you're intelligent. 
If you had the right information, you would have done the right thing. "" (Laughter) Lastly, you want to be the nurturing agent. 
You're the safe place to come in to. 
So, in paragraph number four, you're going to tell people, "" If no one is providing you with this information, let me help. "" (Laughter) Animals do displays. They do two things: They warn you or they try to attract you and say, "" We need to mate. "" You're going to do that by the way you sign your letter. 
You do a number of things: you're a vice president, you volunteer, you do something else. 
Why is is this important? 
Because this establishes the two primary criteria for the political creature: that you have influence in a large sphere, and that my preservation depends on you. 
Here is one very quick hack, especially for the feds in the audience. 
Here's how you mail your letter. 
First of all, you send the original to the district office. 
So, you send the copy to the main office. 
If they follow protocol, they'll pick up the phone and say, "" Hey, do you have the original? "" Then some droid in the back puts the name on a tickler and says, "" Oh, this is an important letter. "" And you actually get into the folder that the elected official actually has to read. 
So, what your letter means: I've got to tell you, we are all in a party, and political officials are the pinatas. 
(Laughter) We are harangued, lectured to, sold, marketed, but a letter is actually one of the few times that we have honest communication. 
I got this letter when I was first elected, and I still carry it to every council meeting I go to. 
This is an opportunity at real dialogue, and if you have stewardship and want to communicate, that dialogue is incredibly powerful. 
So when you do that, here's what I can promise: You're going to be the 800 pound gorilla in the forest. 
Get writing. 
(Applause) 

I'm five years old, and I am very proud. 
My father has just built the best outhouse in our little village in Ukraine. 
Inside, it's a smelly, gaping hole in the ground, but outside, it's pearly white formica and it literally gleams in the sun. 
This makes me feel so proud, so important, that I appoint myself the leader of my little group of friends and I devise missions for us. 
So we prowl from house to house looking for flies captured in spider webs and we set them free. 
Four years earlier, when I was one, after the Chernobyl accident, the rain came down black, and my sister's hair fell out in clumps, and I spent nine months in the hospital. 
There were no visitors allowed, so my mother bribed a hospital worker. 
She acquired a nurse's uniform, and she snuck in every night to sit by my side. 
Five years later, an unexpected silver lining. 
Thanks to Chernobyl, we get asylum in the U.S. 
I am six years old, and I don't cry when we leave home and we come to America, because I expect it to be a place filled with rare and wonderful things like bananas and chocolate and Bazooka bubble gum, Bazooka bubble gum with the little cartoon wrappers inside, Bazooka that we'd get once a year in Ukraine and we'd have to chew one piece for an entire week. 
So the first day we get to New York, my grandmother and I find a penny in the floor of the homeless shelter that my family's staying in. 
Only, we don't know that it's a homeless shelter. 
We think that it's a hotel, a hotel with lots of rats. 
So we find this penny kind of fossilized in the floor, and we think that a very wealthy man must have left it there because regular people don't just lose money. 
And I hold this penny in the palm of my hand, and it's sticky and rusty, but it feels like I'm holding a fortune. 
I decide that I'm going to get my very own piece of Bazooka bubble gum. 
And in that moment, I feel like a millionaire. 
About a year later, I get to feel that way again when we find a bag full of stuffed animals in the trash, and suddenly I have more toys than I've ever had in my whole life. 
And again, I get that feeling when we get a knock on the door of our apartment in Brooklyn, and my sister and I find a deliveryman with a box of pizza that we didn't order. 
So we take the pizza, our very first pizza, and we devour slice after slice as the deliveryman stands there and stares at us from the doorway. 
And he tells us to pay, but we don't speak English. 
My mother comes out, and he asks her for money, but she doesn't have enough. 
She walks 50 blocks to and from work every day just to avoid spending money on bus fare. 
Then our neighbor pops her head in, and she turns red with rage when she realizes that those immigrants from downstairs have somehow gotten their hands on her pizza. 
Everyone's upset. 
But the pizza is delicious. 
It doesn't hit me until years later just how little we had. 
On our 10 year anniversary of being in the U.S., we decided to celebrate by reserving a room at the hotel that we first stayed in when we got to the U.S. 
The man at the front desk laughs, and he says, "You can't reserve a room here. This is a homeless shelter." 
My husband Brian was also homeless as a kid. 
His family lost everything, and at age 11, he had to live in motels with his dad, motels that would round up all of their food and keep it hostage until they were able to pay the bill. 
And one time, when he finally got his box of Frosted Flakes back, it was crawling with roaches. 
But he did have one thing. 
He had this shoebox that he carried with him everywhere containing nine comic books, two G.I. Joes painted to look like Spider-Man and five Gobots. And this was his treasure. 
This was his own assembly of heroes that kept him from drugs and gangs and from giving up on his dreams. 
I'm going to tell you about one more formerly homeless member of our family. 
Once upon a time, Scarlet was used as bait in dog fights. 
She was tied up and thrown into the ring for other dogs to attack so they'd get more aggressive before the fight. 
And now, these days, she eats organic food and she sleeps on an orthopedic bed with her name on it, but when we pour water for her in her bowl, she still looks up and she wags her tail in gratitude. 
Sometimes Brian and I walk through the park with Scarlett, and she rolls through the grass, and we just look at her and then we look at each other and we feel gratitude. 
We forget about all of our new middle-class frustrations and disappointments, and we feel like millionaires. 
Thank you. 
(Applause) 

Today I'm going to show you an electric vehicle that weighs less than a bicycle, that you can carry with you anywhere, that you can charge off a normal wall outlet in 15 minutes, and you can run it for 1,000 kilometers on about a dollar of electricity. 
But when I say the word electric vehicle, people think about vehicles. They think about cars and motorcycles and bicycles, and the vehicles that you use every day. 
But if you come about it from a different perspective, you can create some more interesting, more novel concepts. 
So we built something. 
I've got some of the pieces in my pocket here. 
So this is the motor. 
This motor has enough power to take you up the hills of San Francisco at about 20 miles per hour, about 30 kilometers an hour, and this battery, this battery right here has about six miles of range, or 10 kilometers, which is enough to cover about half of the car trips in the U.S. alone. 
But the best part about these components is that we bought them at a toy store. 
These are from remote control airplanes. 
And the performance of these things has gotten so good that if you think about vehicles a little bit differently, you can really change things. 
So today we're going to show you one example of how you can use this. 
Pay attention to not only how fun this thing is, but also how the portability that comes with this can totally change the way you interact with a city like San Francisco. 
(Music) [6 Mile Range] [Top Speed Near 20mph] [Uphill Climbing] [Regenerative Braking] (Applause) (Cheers) So we're going to show you what this thing can do. 
It's really maneuverable. You have a hand-held remote, so you can pretty easily control acceleration, braking, go in reverse if you like, also have braking. 
It's incredible just how light this thing is. 
I mean, this is something you can pick up and carry with you anywhere you go. 
So I'll leave you with one of the most compelling facts about this technology and these kinds of vehicles. 
This uses 20 times less energy for every mile or kilometer that you travel than a car, which means not only is this thing fast to charge and really cheap to build, but it also reduces the footprint of your energy use in terms of your transportation. 
So instead of looking at large amounts of energy needed for each person in this room to get around in a city, now you can look at much smaller amounts and more sustainable transportation. 
So next time you think about a vehicle, I hope, like us, you're thinking about something new. 
Thank you. 
(Applause) 

I'm McKenna Pope. I'm 14 years old, and when I was 13, I convinced one of the largest toy companies, toymakers, in the world, Hasbro, to change the way that they marketed one of their most best-selling products. 
So allow me to tell you about it. 
So I have a brother, Gavin. 
When this whole shebang happened, he was four. 
He loved to cook. 
He was always getting ingredients out of the fridge and mixing them into these, needless to say, uneatable concoctions, or making invisible macaroni and cheese. 
He wanted to be a chef really badly. 
And so what better gift for a kid who wanted to be a chef than an Easy-Bake Oven. Right? 
I mean, we all had those when we were little. 
And he wanted one so badly. 
But then he started to realize something. 
In the commercials, and on the boxes for the Easy-Bake Ovens, Hasbro marketed them specifically to girls. 
And the way that they did this was they would only feature girls on the boxes or in the commercials, and there would be flowery prints all over the ovens and it would be in bright pink and purple, very gender-specific colors to females, right? 
So it kind of was sending a message that only girls are supposed to cook; boys aren't. 
And this discouraged my brother a lot. 
He thought that he wasn't supposed to want to be a chef, because that was something that girls did. 
Girls cooked; boys didn't, or so was the message that Hasbro was sending. 
And this got me thinking, God, I wish there was a way that I could change this, that could I have my voice heard by Hasbro so I could ask them and tell them what they were doing wrong and ask them to change it. 
And that got me thinking about a website that I had learned about a few months prior called Change.org. 
Change.org is an online petition-sharing platform where you can create a petition and share it across all of these social media networks, through Facebook, through Twitter, through YouTube, through Reddit, through Tumblr, through whatever you can think of. 
And so I created a petition along with the YouTube video that I added to the petition basically asking Hasbro to change the way that they marketed it, in featuring boys in the commercials, on the boxes, and most of all creating them in less gender-specific colors. 
So this petition started to take off — humongously fast, you have no idea. 
I was getting interviewed by all these national news outlets and press outlets, and it was amazing. 
In three weeks, maybe three and a half, I had 46,000 signatures on this petition. 
(Applause) Thank you. 
So, needless to say, it was crazy. 
Eventually, Hasbro themselves invited me to their headquarters so they could go and unveil their new Easy-Bake Oven product to me in black, silver and blue. 
It was literally one of the best moments of my life. 
It was like "" Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory. "" That thing was amazing. 
What I didn't realize at the time, however, was that I had become an activist, I could change something, that even as a kid, or maybe even especially as a kid, my voice mattered, and your voice matters too. 
I want to let you know it's not going to be easy, and it wasn't easy for me, because I faced a lot of obstacles. 
People online, and sometimes even in real life, were disrespectful to me and my family, and talked about how the whole thing was a waste of time, and it really discouraged me. 
And actually, I have some examples, because what's better revenge than displaying their idiocy? 
So, let's see. 
From user name Liquidsore29 — interesting user names we have here — "Disgusting liberal moms making their sons gay." 
Liquidsore29, really? Really? Okay. 
How about from Whiteboy77AGS: "People always need something to (female dog) about." 
From Jeffrey Gutierrez: "OMG, shut up. You just want money and attention." 
So it was comments like these that really discouraged me from wanting to make change in the future because I thought, people don't care, people think it's a waste of time, and people are going to be disrespectful to me and my family. 
It hurt me, and it made me think, what's the point of making change in the future? 
But then I started to realize something. 
Haters gonna hate. 
Come on, say it with me. One, two, three: Haters gonna hate. 
So let your haters hate, you know what, and make your change, because I know you can. 
I look out into this crowd, and I see 400 people who came out because they wanted to know how they could make a change, and I know that you can, and all of you watching at home can too because you have so much that you can do and that you believe in, and you can trade it across all these social media, through Facebook, through Twitter, through YouTube, through Reddit, through Tumblr, through whatever else you can think of. 
And you can make that change. 
You can take what you believe in and turn it into a cause and change it. 
And that spark that you've been hearing about all day today, you can use that spark that you have within you and turn it into a fire. 
Thank you. 
(Applause) 

(Guitar music starts) (Music ends) (Applause) (Distorted guitar music starts) (Music ends) (Applause) (Ambient / guitar music starts) (Music ends) (Applause) 

It would be nice to be objective in life, in many ways. 
The problem is that we have these color-tinted glasses as we look at all kinds of situations. 
For example, think about something as simple as beer. 
If I gave you a few beers to taste and I asked you to rate them on intensity and bitterness, different beers would occupy different space. 
But what if we tried to be objective about it? 
In the case of beer, it would be very simple. 
What if we did a blind taste? 
Well, if we did the same thing, you tasted the same beer, now in the blind taste, things would look slightly different. 
Most of the beers will go into one place. 
You will basically not be able to distinguish them, and the exception, of course, will be Guinness. 
(Laughter) Similarly, we can think about physiology. 
What happens when people expect something from their physiology? 
For example, we sold people pain medications. 
Some people, we told them the medications were expensive. 
Some people, we told them it was cheap. 
And the expensive pain medication worked better. 
It relieved more pain from people, because expectations do change our physiology. 
And of course, we all know that in sports, if you are a fan of a particular team, you can't help but see the game develop from the perspective of your team. 
So all of those are cases in which our preconceived notions and our expectations color our world. 
But what happened in more important questions? 
What happened with questions that had to do with social justice? 
So we wanted to think about what is the blind tasting version for thinking about inequality? 
So we started looking at inequality, and we did some large-scale surveys around the U.S. and other countries. 
So we asked two questions: Do people know what kind of level of inequality we have? 
And then, what level of inequality do we want to have? 
So let's think about the first question. 
Imagine I took all the people in the U.S. 
and I sorted them from the poorest on the right to the richest on the left, and then I divided them into five buckets: the poorest 20 percent, the next 20 percent, the next, the next, and the richest 20 percent. 
And then I asked you to tell me how much wealth do you think is concentrated in each of those buckets. 
So to make it simpler, imagine I ask you to tell me, how much wealth do you think is concentrated in the bottom two buckets, the bottom 40 percent? 
Take a second. Think about it and have a number. 
Usually we don't think. 
Think for a second, have a real number in your mind. 
You have it? 
Okay, here's what lots of Americans tell us. 
They think that the bottom 20 percent has about 2.9 percent of the wealth, the next group has 6.4, so together it's slightly more than nine. 
The next group, they say, has 12 percent, 20 percent, and the richest 20 percent, people think has 58 percent of the wealth. 
You can see how this relates to what you thought. 
Now, what's reality? 
Reality is slightly different. 
The bottom 20 percent has 0.1 percent of the wealth. 
The next 20 percent has 0.2 percent of the wealth. 
Together, it's 0.3. 
The next group has 3.9, 11.3, and the richest group has 84-85 percent of the wealth. 
So what we actually have and what we think we have are very different. 
What about what we want? 
How do we even figure this out? 
So to look at this, to look at what we really want, we thought about the philosopher John Rawls. 
If you remember John Rawls, he had this notion of what's a just society. 
He said a just society is a society that if you knew everything about it, you would be willing to enter it in a random place. 
And it's a beautiful definition, because if you're wealthy, you might want the wealthy to have more money, the poor to have less. 
If you're poor, you might want more equality. 
But if you're going to go into that society in every possible situation, and you don't know, you have to consider all the aspects. 
It's a little bit like blind tasting in which you don't know what the outcome will be when you make a decision, and Rawls called this the "" veil of ignorance. "" So, we took another group, a large group of Americans, and we asked them the question in the veil of ignorance. 
What are the characteristics of a country that would make you want to join it, knowing that you could end randomly at any place? 
And here is what we got. 
What did people want to give to the first group, the bottom 20 percent? 
They wanted to give them about 10 percent of the wealth. 
The next group, 14 percent of the wealth, 21, 22 and 32. 
Now, nobody in our sample wanted full equality. 
Nobody thought that socialism is a fantastic idea in our sample. 
But what does it mean? 
It means that we have this knowledge gap between what we have and what we think we have, but we have at least as big a gap between what we think is right to what we think we have. 
Now, we can ask these questions, by the way, not just about wealth. 
We can ask it about other things as well. 
So for example, we asked people from different parts of the world about this question, people who are liberals and conservatives, and they gave us basically the same answer. 
We asked rich and poor, they gave us the same answer, men and women, NPR listeners and Forbes readers. 
We asked people in England, Australia, the U.S. — very similar answers. 
We even asked different departments of a university. 
We went to Harvard and we checked almost every department, and in fact, from Harvard Business School, where a few people wanted the wealthy to have more and the [poor] to have less, the similarity was astonishing. 
I know some of you went to Harvard Business School. 
We also asked this question about something else. 
We asked, what about the ratio of CEO pay to unskilled workers? 
So you can see what people think is the ratio, and then we can ask the question, what do they think should be the ratio? 
And then we can ask, what is reality? 
What is reality? And you could say, well, it's not that bad, right? 
The red and the yellow are not that different. 
But the fact is, it's because I didn't draw them on the same scale. 
It's hard to see, there's yellow and blue in there. 
So what about other outcomes of wealth? 
Wealth is not just about wealth. 
We asked, what about things like health? 
What about availability of prescription medication? 
What about life expectancy? 
What about life expectancy of infants? 
How do we want this to be distributed? 
What about education for young people? 
And for older people? 
And across all of those things, what we learned was that people don't like inequality of wealth, but there's other things where inequality, which is an outcome of wealth, is even more aversive to them: for example, inequality in health or education. 
We also learned that people are particularly open to changes in equality when it comes to people who have less agency — basically, young kids and babies, because we don't think of them as responsible for their situation. 
So what are some lessons from this? 
We have two gaps: We have a knowledge gap and we have a desirability gap And the knowledge gap is something that we think about, how do we educate people? 
How do we get people to think differently about inequality and the consequences of inequality in terms of health, education, jealousy, crime rate, and so on? 
Then we have the desirability gap. 
How do we get people to think differently about what we really want? 
You see, the Rawls definition, the Rawls way of looking at the world, the blind tasting approach, takes our selfish motivation out of the picture. 
How do we implement that to a higher degree on a more extensive scale? 
And finally, we also have an action gap. 
How do we take these things and actually do something about it? 
I think part of the answer is to think about people like young kids and babies that don't have much agency, because people seem to be more willing to do this. 
To summarize, I would say, next time you go to drink beer or wine, first of all, think about, what is it in your experience that is real, and what is it in your experience that is a placebo effect coming from expectations? 
And then think about what it also means for other decisions in your life, and hopefully also for policy questions that affect all of us. 
Thanks a lot. 
(Applause) 

Well, this is such an honor. And it's wonderful to be in the presence of an organization that is really making a difference in the world. 
And I'm intensely grateful for the opportunity to speak to you today. 
And I'm also rather surprised, because when I look back on my life the last thing I ever wanted to do was write, or be in any way involved in religion. 
After I left my convent, I'd finished with religion, frankly. 
I thought that was it. 
And for 13 years I kept clear of it. I wanted to be an English literature professor. 
And I certainly didn't even want to be a writer, particularly. 
But then I suffered a series of career catastrophes, one after the other, and finally found myself in television. (Laughter) I said that to Bill Moyers, and he said, "" Oh, we take anybody. "" (Laughter) And I was doing some rather controversial religious programs. 
This went down very well in the U.K., where religion is extremely unpopular. 
And so, for once, for the only time in my life, I was finally in the mainstream. 
But I got sent to Jerusalem to make a film about early Christianity. 
And there, for the first time, I encountered the other religious traditions: Judaism and Islam, the sister religions of Christianity. 
And while I found I knew nothing about these faiths at all — despite my own intensely religious background, I'd seen Judaism only as a kind of prelude to Christianity, and I knew nothing about Islam at all. 
But in that city, that tortured city, where you see the three faiths jostling so uneasily together, you also become aware of the profound connection between them. 
And it has been the study of other religious traditions that brought me back to a sense of what religion can be, and actually enabled me to look at my own faith in a different light. 
And I found some astonishing things in the course of my study that had never occurred to me. Frankly, in the days when I thought I'd had it with religion, I just found the whole thing absolutely incredible. 
These doctrines seemed unproven, abstract. 
And to my astonishment, when I began seriously studying other traditions, I began to realize that belief — which we make such a fuss about today — is only a very recent religious enthusiasm that surfaced only in the West, in about the 17th century. 
The word "" belief "" itself originally meant to love, to prize, to hold dear. 
In the 17th century, it narrowed its focus, for reasons that I'm exploring in a book I'm writing at the moment, to include — to mean an intellectual assent to a set of propositions, a credo. 
"I believe:" it did not mean, "I accept certain creedal articles of faith." 
It meant: "" I commit myself. I engage myself. "" Indeed, some of the world traditions think very little of religious orthodoxy. 
In the Quran, religious opinion — religious orthodoxy — is dismissed as "" zanna: "" self-indulgent guesswork about matters that nobody can be certain of one way or the other, but which makes people quarrelsome and stupidly sectarian. (Laughter) So if religion is not about believing things, what is it about? 
What I've found, across the board, is that religion is about behaving differently. 
Instead of deciding whether or not you believe in God, first you do something. 
You behave in a committed way, and then you begin to understand the truths of religion. 
And religious doctrines are meant to be summons to action; you only understand them when you put them into practice. 
Now, pride of place in this practice is given to compassion. 
And it is an arresting fact that right across the board, in every single one of the major world faiths, compassion — the ability to feel with the other in the way we've been thinking about this evening — is not only the test of any true religiosity, it is also what will bring us into the presence of what Jews, Christians and Muslims call "" God "" or the "" Divine. "" It is compassion, says the Buddha, which brings you to Nirvana. 
Why? Because in compassion, when we feel with the other, we dethrone ourselves from the center of our world and we put another person there. And once we get rid of ego, then we're ready to see the Divine. 
And in particular, every single one of the major world traditions has highlighted — has said — and put at the core of their tradition what's become known as the Golden Rule. 
First propounded by Confucius five centuries before Christ: "Do not do to others what you would not like them to do to you." 
That, he said, was the central thread which ran through all his teaching and that his disciples should put into practice all day and every day. 
And it was — the Golden Rule would bring them to the transcendent value that he called "" ren, "" human-heartedness, which was a transcendent experience in itself. 
And this is absolutely crucial to the monotheisms, too. 
There's a famous story about the great rabbi, Hillel, the older contemporary of Jesus. 
A pagan came to him and offered to convert to Judaism if the rabbi could recite the whole of Jewish teaching while he stood on one leg. 
Hillel stood on one leg and said, "" That which is hateful to you, do not do to your neighbor. That is the Torah. The rest is commentary. 
Go and study it. "" (Laughter) And "" go and study it "" was what he meant. 
He said, "" In your exegesis, you must make it clear that every single verse of the Torah is a commentary, a gloss upon the Golden Rule. "" The great Rabbi Meir said that any interpretation of Scripture which led to hatred and disdain, or contempt of other people — any people whatsoever — was illegitimate. 
Saint Augustine made exactly the same point. 
Scripture, he says, "" teaches nothing but charity, and we must not leave an interpretation of Scripture until we have found a compassionate interpretation of it. "" And this struggle to find compassion in some of these rather rebarbative texts is a good dress rehearsal for doing the same in ordinary life. (Applause) But now look at our world. And we are living in a world that is — where religion has been hijacked. Where terrorists cite Quranic verses to justify their atrocities. 
Where instead of taking Jesus' words, "" Love your enemies. 
Don't judge others, "" we have the spectacle of Christians endlessly judging other people, endlessly using Scripture as a way of arguing with other people, putting other people down. Throughout the ages, religion has been used to oppress others, and this is because of human ego, human greed. 
We have a talent as a species for messing up wonderful things. 
So the traditions also insisted — and this is an important point, I think — that you could not and must not confine your compassion to your own group: your own nation, your own co-religionists, your own fellow countrymen. You must have what one of the Chinese sages called "" jian ai "": concern for everybody. Love your enemies. Honor the stranger. 
We formed you, says the Quran, into tribes and nations so that you may know one another. 
And this, again — this universal outreach — is getting subdued in the strident use of religion — abuse of religion — for nefarious gains. 
Now, I've lost count of the number of taxi drivers who, when I say to them what I do for a living, inform me that religion has been the cause of all the major world wars in history. Wrong. 
The causes of our present woes are political. 
But, make no mistake about it, religion is a kind of fault line, and when a conflict gets ingrained in a region, religion can get sucked in and become part of the problem. Our modernity has been exceedingly violent. 
Between 1914 and 1945, 70 million people died in Europe alone as a result of armed conflict. 
And so many of our institutions, even football, which used to be a pleasant pastime, now causes riots where people even die. 
And it's not surprising that religion, too, has been affected by this violent ethos. 
There's also a great deal, I think, of religious illiteracy around. 
People seem to think, now equate religious faith with believing things. 
As though that — we call religious people often believers, as though that were the main thing that they do. And very often, secondary goals get pushed into the first place, in place of compassion and the Golden Rule. 
Because the Golden Rule is difficult. I sometimes — when I'm speaking to congregations about compassion, I sometimes see a mutinous expression crossing some of their faces because a lot of religious people prefer to be right, rather than compassionate. (Laughter) Now — but that's not the whole story. 
Since September the 11th, when my work on Islam suddenly propelled me into public life, in a way that I'd never imagined, I've been able to sort of go all over the world, and finding, everywhere I go, a yearning for change. 
I've just come back from Pakistan, where literally thousands of people came to my lectures, because they were yearning, first of all, to hear a friendly Western voice. 
And especially the young people were coming. And were asking me — the young people were saying, "" What can we do? What can we do to change things? "" And my hosts in Pakistan said, "" Look, don't be too polite to us. 
Tell us where we're going wrong. Let's talk together about where religion is failing. "" Because it seems to me that with — our current situation is so serious at the moment that any ideology that doesn't promote a sense of global understanding and global appreciation of each other is failing the test of the time. 
And religion, with its wide following... Here in the United States, people may be being religious in a different way, as a report has just shown — but they still want to be religious. It's only Western Europe that has retained its secularism, which is now beginning to look rather endearingly old-fashioned. 
But people want to be religious, and religion should be made to be a force for harmony in the world, which it can and should be — because of the Golden Rule. 
"" Do not do to others what you would not have them do to you "": an ethos that should now be applied globally. 
We should not treat other nations as we would not wish to be treated ourselves. 
And these — whatever our wretched beliefs — is a religious matter, it's a spiritual matter. 
It's a profound moral matter that engages and should engage us all. 
And as I say, there is a hunger for change out there. 
Here in the United States, I think you see it in this election campaign: a longing for change. 
And people in churches all over and mosques all over this continent after September the 11th, coming together locally to create networks of understanding. 
With the mosque, with the synagogue, saying, "" We must start to speak to one another. "" I think it's time that we moved beyond the idea of toleration and move toward appreciation of the other. 
I'd — there's one story I'd just like to mention. 
This comes from "" The Iliad. "" But it tells you what this spirituality should be. 
You know the story of "" The Iliad, "" the 10-year war between Greece and Troy. 
In one incident, Achilles, the famous warrior of Greece, takes his troops out of the war, and the whole war effort suffers. And in the course of the ensuing muddle, his beloved friend, Patroclus, is killed — and killed in single combat by one of the Trojan princes, Hector. And Achilles goes mad with grief and rage and revenge, and he mutilates the body. He kills Hector, he mutilates his body and then he refuses to give the body back for burial to the family, which means that, in Greek ethos, Hector's soul will wander eternally, lost. 
And then one night, Priam, king of Troy, an old man, comes into the Greek camp incognito, makes his way to Achilles' tent to ask for the body of his son. 
And everybody is shocked when the old man takes off his head covering and shows himself. 
And Achilles looks at him and thinks of his father. And he starts to weep. 
And Priam looks at the man who has murdered so many of his sons, and he, too, starts to weep. And the sound of their weeping filled the house. 
The Greeks believed that weeping together created a bond between people. 
And then Achilles takes the body of Hector, he hands it very tenderly to the father, and the two men look at each other, and see each other as divine. 
That is the ethos found, too, in all the religions. 
It's what is meant by overcoming the horror that we feel when we are under threat of our enemies, and beginning to appreciate the other. 
It's of great importance that the word for "" holy "" in Hebrew, applied to God, is "" Kadosh "": separate, other. 
And it is often, perhaps, the very otherness of our enemies which can give us intimations of that utterly mysterious transcendence which is God. 
And now, here's my wish: I wish that you would help with the creation, launch and propagation of a Charter for Compassion, crafted by a group of inspirational thinkers from the three Abrahamic traditions of Judaism, Christianity and Islam, and based on the fundamental principle of the Golden Rule. 
We need to create a movement among all these people that I meet in my travels — you probably meet, too — who want to join up, in some way, and reclaim their faith, which they feel, as I say, has been hijacked. 
We need to empower people to remember the compassionate ethos, and to give guidelines. This Charter would not be a massive document. 
I'd like to see it — to give guidelines as to how to interpret the Scriptures, these texts that are being abused. Remember what the rabbis and what Augustine said about how Scripture should be governed by the principle of charity. 
Let's get back to that. And the idea, too, of Jews, Christians and Muslims — these traditions now so often at loggerheads — working together to create a document which we hope will be signed by a thousand, at least, of major religious leaders from all the traditions of the world. 
And you are the people. I'm just a solitary scholar. 
Despite the idea that I love a good time, which I was rather amazed to see coming up on me — I actually spend a great deal of time alone, studying, and I'm not very — you're the people with media knowledge to explain to me how we can get this to everybody, everybody on the planet. I've had some preliminary talks, and Archbishop Desmond Tutu, for example, is very happy to give his name to this, as is Imam Feisal Rauf, the Imam in New York City. 
Also, I would be working with the Alliance of Civilizations at the United Nations. 
I was part of that United Nations initiative called the Alliance of Civilizations, which was asked by Kofi Annan to diagnose the causes of extremism, and to give practical guidelines to member states about how to avoid the escalation of further extremism. 
And the Alliance has told me that they are very happy to work with it. 
The importance of this is that this is — I can see some of you starting to look worried, because you think it's a slow and cumbersome body — but what the United Nations can do is give us some neutrality, so that this isn't seen as a Western or a Christian initiative, but that it's coming, as it were, from the United Nations, from the world — who would help with the sort of bureaucracy of this. 
And so I do urge you to join me in making — in this charter — to building this charter, launching it and propagating it so that it becomes — I'd like to see it in every college, every church, every mosque, every synagogue in the world, so that people can look at their tradition, reclaim it, and make religion a source of peace in the world, which it can and should be. Thank you very much. (Applause) 

When we think about how people work, the naive intuition we have is that people are like rats in a maze — that all people care about is money, and the moment we give them money, we can direct them to work one way, we can direct them to work another way. 
This is why we give bonuses to bankers and pay in all kinds of ways. 
At the same time, if you think about it, there's all kinds of strange behaviors in the world around us. 
In fact, it's all about frostbite and having difficulty walking, and difficulty breathing — cold, challenging circumstances. 
I'll never do it again. "" (Laughter) "Instead, let me sit on a beach somewhere drinking mojitos." 
And if you think about mountain climbing as an example, it suggests all kinds of things. 
And for me personally, I started thinking about this after a student came to visit me. 
And he was working very hard on this presentation — graphs, tables, information. 
He stayed late at night every day. 
Every night he was enjoying his work, he was staying late, he was perfecting this PowerPoint presentation. 
So I started thinking about how do we experiment with this idea of the fruits of our labor. 
We'll pay you three dollars for it. "" And people said yes, and they built with these Legos. 
And when they finished, we took it, we put it under the table, and we said, "" Would you like to build another one, this time for $2.70? "" If they said yes, we gave them another one, and when they finished, we asked them, "" Do you want to build another one? "" for $2.40, $2.10, and so on, until at some point people said, "No more. It's not worth it for me." 
And we told them that at the end of the experiment, we will take all these Bionicles, we will disassemble them, we will put them back in the boxes, and we will use it for the next participant. 
And if you remember the story about Sisyphus, Sisyphus was punished by the gods to push the same rock up a hill, and when he almost got to the end, the rock would roll over, and he would have to start again. 
You can imagine that if he pushed the rock on different hills, at least he would have some sense of progress. 
Also, if you look at prison movies, sometimes the way that the guards torture the prisoners is to get them to dig a hole, and when the prisoner is finished, they ask him to fill the hole back up and then dig again. 
There's something about this cyclical version of doing something over and over and over that seems to be particularly demotivating. 
And if they said yes, they built it. 
Then we asked them, "" Do you want to build another one for $2.70? "" And if they said yes, we gave them a new one, and as they were building it, we took apart the one that they just finished. 
And when they finished that, we said, "" Would you like to build another one, this time for 30 cents less? "" And if they said yes, we gave them the one that they built and we broke. 
The first thing that happened was that people built many more Bionicles — eleven in the meaningful condition, versus seven in the Sisyphus condition. 
And not only that, everybody knew that the Bionicles would be destroyed quite soon. 
In this other version of the experiment, we didn't put people in this situation, we just described to them the situation, much as I am describing to you now, and we asked them to predict what the result would be. 
People who were just given the description of the experiment said that in the meaningful condition, people would probably build one more Bionicle. 
And you would speculate that the people who love Legos would build more Legos, even for less money, because after all, they get more internal joy from it. 
There was a very nice correlation between the love of Legos and the amount of Legos people built. 
In that condition, the correlation was zero — there was no relationship between the love of Legos, and how much people built, which suggests to me that with this manipulation of breaking things in front of people's eyes, we basically crushed any joy that they could get out of this activity. 
We basically eliminated it. 
Soon after I finished running this experiment, I went to talk to a big software company in Seattle. 
And the week before I showed up, the CEO of this big software company went to that group, 200 engineers, and canceled the project. 
And I stood there in front of 200 of the most depressed people I've ever talked to. 
And I described to them some of these Lego experiments, and they said they felt like they had just been through that experiment. 
They said the CEO could have asked them to present to the whole company about their journey over the last two years and what they decided to do. 
He could have asked them to build some next-generation prototypes, and see how they would work. 
In the first condition, people wrote their name on the sheet, found all the pairs of letters, gave it to the experimenter, the experimenter would look at it, scan it from top to bottom, say "" Uh huh, "" and put it on the pile next to them. 
So low numbers mean that people worked harder. 
At 15 cents per page, they basically stopped these efforts. 
And this is basically the result we had before. 
You shred people's efforts, output — you get them not to be as happy with what they're doing. 
Ignoring gets you a whole way out there. 
The bad news is that eliminating motivations seems to be incredibly easy, and if we don't think about it carefully, we might overdo it. 
(Laughter) I don't know about you, but every time I assemble one of those, it takes me much longer, it's much more effortful, it's much more confusing, I put things in the wrong way — I can't say I enjoy those pieces. 
But when I finish it, I seem to like those IKEA pieces of furniture more than I like other ones. 
So when they started cake mixes in the '40s, they would take this powder and they would put it in a box, and they would ask housewives to basically pour it in, stir some water in it, mix it, put it in the oven, and — voila — you had cake. 
People did not want them, and they thought about all kinds of reasons for that. 
What they figured out was that there was not enough effort involved. 
It was so easy that nobody could serve cake to their guests and say, "" Here is my cake. "" No, it was somebody else's cake, as if you bought it in the store. 
They took the eggs and the milk out of the powder. 
(Laughter) Now you had to break the eggs and add them, you had to measure the milk and add it, mixing it. 
We gave them instructions on how to create origami, and we gave them a sheet of paper. 
And these were all novices, and they built something that was really quite ugly — nothing like a frog or a crane. 
And we had two types of people: We had the people who built it, and the people who did not build it, and just looked at it as external observers. 
And what we found was that the builders thought that these were beautiful pieces of origami — (Laughter) and they were willing to pay five times more for them than the people who just evaluated them externally. 
Most people would say for a lot, a lot of money. 
(Laughter) On good days. (Laughter) 
But imagine this was slightly different. 
And this is because our kids are so valuable, not just because of who they are, but because of us, because they are so connected to us, and because of the time and connection. 
By the way, if you think IKEA instructions are not good, what about the instructions that come with kids, those are really tough. 
Which comes to tell you one more thing, which is, much like our builders, when they look at the creature of their creation, we don't see that other people don't see things our way. 
He said pins have 12 different steps, and if one person does all 12 steps, production is very low. 
Karl Marx, on the other hand, said that the alienation of labor is incredibly important in how people think about the connection to what they are doing. 
And if you do all 12 steps, you care about the pin. 
But if you do one step every time, maybe you don't care as much. 
I think that as we move to situations in which people have to decide on their own about how much effort, attention, caring, how connected they feel to it, are they thinking about labor on the way to work, and in the shower and so on, all of a sudden Marx has more things to say to us. 
(Applause) 

Humanity takes center stage at TED, but I would like to add a voice for the animals, whose bodies and minds and spirits shaped us. 
Some years ago, it was my good fortune to meet a tribal elder on an island not far from Vancouver. 
His name is Jimmy Smith, and he shared a story with me that is told among his people, who call themselves the Kwikwasut'inuxw. 
Once upon a time, he told me, all animals on Earth were one. 
Even though they look different on the outside, inside, they're all the same, and from time to time they would gather at a sacred cave deep inside the forest to celebrate their unity. 
When they arrived, they would all take off their skins. 
Raven shed his feathers, bear his fur, and salmon her scales, and then, they would dance. 
But one day, a human made it to the cave and laughed at what he saw because he did not understand. 
Embarrassed, the animals fled, and that was the last time they revealed themselves this way. 
The ancient understanding that underneath their separate identities, all animals are one, has been a powerful inspiration to me. 
I like to get past the fur, the feathers and the scales. 
I want to get under the skin. 
No matter whether I'm facing a giant elephant or a tiny tree frog, my goal is to connect us with them, eye to eye. 
You may wonder, do I ever photograph people? 
Sure. People are always present in my photos, no matter whether they appear to portray tortoises or cougars or lions. 
You just have to learn how to look past their disguise. 
As a photographer, I try to reach beyond the differences in our genetic makeup to appreciate all we have in common with every other living thing. 
When I use my camera, I drop my skin like the animals at that cave so I can show who they really are. 
As animals blessed with the power of rational thought, we can marvel at the intricacies of life. 
As citizens of a planet in trouble, it is our moral responsibility to deal with the dramatic loss in diversity of life. 
But as humans with hearts, we can all rejoice in the unity of life, and perhaps we can change what once happened in that sacred cave. 
Let's find a way to join the dance. 
Thank you. 
(Applause) 

Francesca Fedeli: Ciao. 
So he's Mario. He's our son. 
He was born two and a half years ago, and I had a pretty tough pregnancy because I had to stay still in a bed for, like, eight months. 
But in the end everything seemed to be under control. 
So he got the right weight at birth. 
He got the right Apgar index. 
So we were pretty reassured by this. 
But at the end, 10 days later after he was born, we discovered that he had a stroke. 
As you might know, a stroke is a brain injury. 
A perinatal stroke could be something that can happen during the nine months of pregnancy or just suddenly after the birth, and in his case, as you can see, the right part of his brain has gone. 
So the effect that this stroke could have on Mario's body could be the fact that he couldn't be able to control the left side of his body. 
Just imagine, if you have a computer and a printer and you want to transmit, to input to print out a document, but the printer doesn't have the right drives, so the same is for Mario. 
It's just like, he would like to move his left side of his body, but he's not able to transmit the right input to move his left arm and left leg. 
So life had to change. 
We needed to change our schedule. 
We needed to change the impact that this birth had on our life. 
Roberto D'Angelo: As you may imagine, unfortunately, we were not ready. 
Nobody taught us how to deal with such kinds of disabilities, and as many questions as possible started to come to our minds. 
And that has been really a tough time. 
Questions, some basics, like, you know, why did this happen to us? 
And what went wrong? 
Some more tough, like, really, what will be the impact on Mario's life? 
I mean, at the end, will he be able to work? 
And, you know, as a parent, especially for the first time, why is he not going to be better than us? 
And this, indeed, really is tough to say, but a few months later, we realized that we were really feeling like a failure. 
I mean, the only real product of our life, at the end, was a failure. 
And you know, it was not a failure for ourselves in itself, but it was a failure that will impact his full life. 
Honestly, we went down. 
I mean we went really down, but at the end, we started to look at him, and we said, we have to react. 
So immediately, as Francesca said, we changed our life. 
We started physiotherapy, we started the rehabilitation, and one of the paths that we were following in terms of rehabilitation is the mirror neurons pilot. 
Basically, we spent months doing this with Mario. 
You have an object, and we showed him how to grab the object. 
Now, the theory of mirror neurons simply says that in your brains, exactly now, as you watch me doing this, you are activating exactly the same neurons as if you do the actions. 
It looks like this is the leading edge in terms of rehabilitation. 
But one day we found that Mario was not looking at our hand. 
He was looking at us. 
We were his mirror. 
And the problem, as you might feel, is that we were down, we were depressed, we were looking at him as a problem, not as a son, not from a positive perspective. 
And that day really changed our perspective. 
We realized that we had to become a better mirror for Mario. 
We restarted from our strengths, and at the same time we restarted from his strengths. 
We stopped looking at him as a problem, and we started to look at him as an opportunity to improve. 
And really, this was the change, and from our side, we said, "What are our strengths that we really can bring to Mario?" 
And we started from our passions. 
We love to travel, we love music, we love to be in places like this, and we started to bring Mario with us just to show to him the best things that we can show to him. 
This short video is from last week. 
I am not saying — (Applause) — I am not saying it's a miracle. That's not the message, because we are just at the beginning of the path. 
But we want to share what was the key learning, the key learning that Mario drove to us, and it is to consider what you have as a gift and not only what you miss, and to consider what you miss just as an opportunity. 
And this is the message that we want to share with you. 
Mario! 
And this is why — (Applause) — And this is why we decided to share the best mirror in the world with him. 
And we thank you so much, all of you. 
FF: Thank you. RD: Thank you. Bye. 
(Applause) FF: Thank you. (Applause) 

In many patriarchal societies and tribal societies, fathers are usually known by their sons, but I'm one of the few fathers who is known by his daughter, and I am proud of it. 
(Applause) Malala started her campaign for education and stood for her rights in 2007, and when her efforts were honored in 2011, and she was given the national youth peace prize, and she became a very famous, very popular young girl of her country. 
Before that, she was my daughter, but now I am her father. 
Ladies and gentlemen, if we glance to human history, the story of women is the story of injustice, inequality, violence and exploitation. 
You see, in patriarchal societies, right from the very beginning, when a girl is born, her birth is not celebrated. 
She is not welcomed, neither by father nor by mother. 
The neighborhood comes and commiserates with the mother, and nobody congratulates the father. 
And a mother is very uncomfortable for having a girl child. 
When she gives birth to the first girl child, first daughter, she is sad. 
When she gives birth to the second daughter, she is shocked, and in the expectation of a son, when she gives birth to a third daughter, she feels guilty like a criminal. 
Not only the mother suffers, but the daughter, the newly born daughter, when she grows old, she suffers too. 
At the age of five, while she should be going to school, she stays at home and her brothers are admitted in a school. 
Until the age of 12, somehow, she has a good life. 
She can have fun. 
She can play with her friends in the streets, and she can move around in the streets like a butterfly. 
But when she enters her teens, when she becomes 13 years old, she is forbidden to go out of her home without a male escort. 
She is confined under the four walls of her home. 
She is no more a free individual. 
She becomes the so-called honor of her father and of her brothers and of her family, and if she transgresses the code of that so-called honor, she could even be killed. 
And it is also interesting that this so-called code of honor, it does not only affect the life of a girl, it also affects the life of the male members of the family. 
I know a family of seven sisters and one brother, and that one brother, he has migrated to the Gulf countries, to earn a living for his seven sisters and parents, because he thinks that it will be humiliating if his seven sisters learn a skill and they go out of the home and earn some livelihood. 
So this brother, he sacrifices the joys of his life and the happiness of his sisters at the altar of so-called honor. 
And there is one more norm of the patriarchal societies that is called obedience. 
A good girl is supposed to be very quiet, very humble and very submissive. 
It is the criteria. 
The role model good girl should be very quiet. 
She is supposed to be silent and she is supposed to accept the decisions of her father and mother and the decisions of elders, even if she does not like them. 
If she is married to a man she doesn't like or if she is married to an old man, she has to accept, because she does not want to be dubbed as disobedient. 
If she is married very early, she has to accept. 
Otherwise, she will be called disobedient. 
And what happens at the end? 
In the words of a poetess, she is wedded, bedded, and then she gives birth to more sons and daughters. 
And it is the irony of the situation that this mother, she teaches the same lesson of obedience to her daughter and the same lesson of honor to her sons. 
And this vicious cycle goes on, goes on. 
Ladies and gentlemen, this plight of millions of women could be changed if we think differently, if women and men think differently, if men and women in the tribal and patriarchal societies in the developing countries, if they can break a few norms of family and society, if they can abolish the discriminatory laws of the systems in their states, which go against the basic human rights of the women. 
Dear brothers and sisters, when Malala was born, and for the first time, believe me, I don't like newborn children, to be honest, but when I went and I looked into her eyes, believe me, I got extremely honored. 
And long before she was born, I thought about her name, and I was fascinated with a heroic legendary freedom fighter in Afghanistan. 
Her name was Malalai of Maiwand, and I named my daughter after her. 
A few days after Malala was born, my daughter was born, my cousin came — and it was a coincidence — he came to my home and he brought a family tree, a family tree of the Yousafzai family, and when I looked at the family tree, it traced back to 300 years of our ancestors. 
But when I looked, all were men, and I picked my pen, drew a line from my name, and wrote, "" Malala. "" And when she grow old, when she was four and a half years old, I admitted her in my school. 
You will be asking, then, why should I mention about the admission of a girl in a school? 
Yes, I must mention it. 
It may be taken for granted in Canada, in America, in many developed countries, but in poor countries, in patriarchal societies, in tribal societies, it's a big event for the life of girl. 
Enrollment in a school means recognition of her identity and her name. 
Admission in a school means that she has entered the world of dreams and aspirations where she can explore her potentials for her future life. 
I have five sisters, and none of them could go to school, and you will be astonished, two weeks before, when I was filling out the Canadian visa form, and I was filling out the family part of the form, I could not recall the surnames of some of my sisters. 
And the reason was that I have never, never seen the names of my sisters written on any document. 
That was the reason that I valued my daughter. 
What my father could not give to my sisters and to his daughters, I thought I must change it. 
I used to appreciate the intelligence and the brilliance of my daughter. 
I encouraged her to sit with me when my friends used to come. 
And all these good values, I tried to inculcate in her personality. 
And this was not only she, only Malala. 
I imparted all these good values to my school, girl students and boy students as well. 
I used education for emancipation. 
I taught my girls, I taught my girl students, to unlearn the lesson of obedience. 
I taught my boy students to unlearn the lesson of so-called pseudo-honor. 
Dear brothers and sisters, we were striving for more rights for women, and we were struggling to have more, more and more space for the women in society. 
But we came across a new phenomenon. 
It was lethal to human rights and particularly to women's rights. 
It was called Talibanization. 
It means a complete negation of women's participation in all political, economical and social activities. 
Hundreds of schools were lost. 
Girls were prohibited from going to school. 
Women were forced to wear veils and they were stopped from going to the markets. 
Musicians were silenced, girls were flogged and singers were killed. 
Millions were suffering, but few spoke, and it was the most scary thing when you have all around such people who kill and who flog, and you speak for your rights. 
It's really the most scary thing. 
At the age of 10, Malala stood, and she stood for the right of education. 
She wrote a diary for the BBC blog, she volunteered herself for the New York Times documentaries, and she spoke from every platform she could. 
And her voice was the most powerful voice. 
It spread like a crescendo all around the world. 
And that was the reason the Taliban could not tolerate her campaign, and on October 9 2012, she was shot in the head at point blank range. 
It was a doomsday for my family and for me. 
The world turned into a big black hole. 
While my daughter was on the verge of life and death, I whispered into the ears of my wife, "" Should I be blamed for what happened to my daughter and your daughter? "" And she abruptly told me, "" Please don't blame yourself. 
You stood for the right cause. 
You put your life at stake for the cause of truth, for the cause of peace, and for the cause of education, and your daughter in inspired from you and she joined you. 
You both were on the right path and God will protect her. "" These few words meant a lot to me, and I didn't ask this question again. 
When Malala was in the hospital, and she was going through the severe pains and she had had severe headaches because her facial nerve was cut down, I used to see a dark shadow spreading on the face of my wife. 
But my daughter never complained. 
She used to tell us, "" I'm fine with my crooked smile and with my numbness in my face. 
I'll be okay. Please don't worry. "" She was a solace for us, and she consoled us. 
Dear brothers and sisters, we learned from her how to be resilient in the most difficult times, and I'm glad to share with you that despite being an icon for the rights of children and women, she is like any 16-year old girl. 
She cries when her homework is incomplete. 
She quarrels with her brothers, and I am very happy for that. 
People ask me, what special is in my mentorship which has made Malala so bold and so courageous and so vocal and poised? 
I tell them, don't ask me what I did. 
Ask me what I did not do. 
I did not clip her wings, and that's all. 
Thank you very much. 
(Applause) Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you. (Applause) 

Hi. 
Let me ask the audience a question: Did you ever lie as a child? 
If you did, could you please raise your hand? 
Wow! This is the most honest group of people I've ever met. 
(Laughter) So for the last 20 years, I've been studying how children learn to tell lies. 
And today, I'm going to share with you some of the discoveries we have made. 
But to begin, I'm going to tell you a story from Mr. Richard Messina, who is my friend and an elementary school principal. 
He got a phone call one day. 
The caller says, "" Mr. Messina, my son Johnny will not come to school today because he's sick. "" Mr. Messina asks, "Who am I speaking to, please?" 
And the caller says, "I am my father." 
(Laughter) So this story — (Laughter) sums up very nicely three common beliefs we have about children and lying. 
One, children only come to tell lies after entering elementary school. 
Two, children are poor liars. 
We adults can easily detect their lies. 
And three, if children lie at a very young age, there must be some character flaws with them, and they are going to become pathological liars for life. 
Well, it turns out all of the three beliefs are wrong. 
We have been playing guessing games with children all over the world. 
Here is an example. 
So in this game, we asked children to guess the numbers on the cards. 
And we tell them if they win the game, they are going to get a big prize. 
But in the middle of the game, we make an excuse and leave the room. 
And before we leave the room, we tell them not to peek at the cards. 
Of course, we have hidden cameras in the room to watch their every move. 
Because the desire to win the game is so strong, more than 90 percent of children will peek as soon as we leave the room. 
(Laughter) The crucial question is: When we return and ask the children whether or not they have peeked, will the children who peeked confess or lie about their transgression? 
We found that regardless of gender, country, religion, at two years of age, 30 percent lie, 70 percent tell the truth about their transgression. 
At three years of age, 50 percent lie and 50 percent tell the truth. 
At four years of age, more than 80 percent lie. 
And after four years of age, most children lie. 
So as you can see, lying is really a typical part of development. 
And some children begin to tell lies as young as two years of age. 
So now, let's take a closer look at the younger children. 
Why do some but not all young children lie? 
In cooking, you need good ingredients to cook good food. 
And good lying requires two key ingredients. 
The first key ingredient is theory of mind, or the mind-reading ability. 
Mind reading is the ability to know that different people have different knowledge about the situation and the ability to differentiate between what I know and what you know. 
Mind reading is important for lying because the basis of lying is that I know you don't know what I know. 
Therefore, I can lie to you. 
The second key ingredient for good lying is self-control. 
It is the ability to control your speech, your facial expression and your body language, so that you can tell a convincing lie. 
And we found that those young children who have more advanced mind-reading and self-control abilities tell lies earlier and are more sophisticated liars. 
As it turns out, these two abilities are also essential for all of us to function well in our society. 
In fact, deficits in mind-reading and self-control abilities are associated with serious developmental problems, such as ADHD and autism. 
So if you discover your two-year-old is telling his or her first lie, instead of being alarmed, you should celebrate — (Laughter) because it signals that your child has arrived at a new milestone of typical development. 
Now, are children poor liars? 
Do you think you can easily detect their lies? 
Would you like to give it a try? 
Yes? OK. 
So I'm going to show you two videos. 
In the videos, the children are going to respond to a researcher's question, "Did you peek?" 
So try to tell me which child is lying and which child is telling the truth. 
Here's child number one. 
Are you ready? 
(Video) Adult: Did you peek? Child: No. 
Kang Lee: And this is child number two. 
(Video) Adult: Did you peek? Child: No. 
KL: OK, if you think child number one is lying, please raise your hand. 
And if you think child number two is lying, please raise your hand. 
OK, so as a matter of fact, child number one is telling the truth, child number two is lying. 
Looks like many of you are terrible detectors of children's lies. 
(Laughter) Now, we have played similar kinds of games with many, many adults from all walks of life. 
And we show them many videos. 
In half of the videos, the children lied. 
In the other half of the videos, the children told the truth. 
And let's find out how these adults performed. 
Because there are as many liars as truth tellers, if you guess randomly, there's a 50 percent chance you're going to get it right. 
So if your accuracy is around 50 percent, it means you are a terrible detector of children's lies. 
So let's start with undergrads and law school students, who typically have limited experience with children. 
No, they cannot detect children's lies. 
Their performance is around chance. 
Now how about social workers and child-protection lawyers, who work with children on a daily basis? 
Can they detect children's lies? 
No, they cannot. 
(Laughter) What about judges, customs officers and police officers, who deal with liars on a daily basis? 
Can they detect children's lies? 
No, they cannot. 
What about parents? 
Can parents detect other children's lies? 
No, they cannot. 
What about, can parents detect their own children's lies? 
No, they cannot. 
(Laughter) (Applause) So now you may ask why children's lies are so difficult to detect. 
Let me illustrate this with my own son, Nathan. 
This is his facial expression when he lies. 
(Laughter) So when children lie, their facial expression is typically neutral. 
However, behind this neutral expression, the child is actually experiencing a lot of emotions, such as fear, guilt, shame and maybe a little bit of liar's delight. 
(Laughter) Unfortunately, such emotions are either fleeting or hidden. 
Therefore, it's mostly invisible to us. 
So in the last five years, we have been trying to figure out a way to reveal these hidden emotions. 
Then we made a discovery. 
We know that underneath our facial skin, there's a rich network of blood vessels. 
When we experience different emotions, our facial blood flow changes subtly. 
And these changes are regulated by the autonomic system that is beyond our conscious control. 
By looking at facial blood flow changes, we can reveal people's hidden emotions. 
Unfortunately, such emotion-related facial blood flow changes are too subtle to detect by our naked eye. 
So to help us reveal people's facial emotions, we have developed a new imaging technology we call "" transdermal optical imaging. "" To do so, we use a regular video camera to record people when they experience various hidden emotions. 
And then, using our image processing technology, we can extract transdermal images of facial blood flow changes. 
By looking at transdermal video images, now we can easily see facial blood flow changes associated with the various hidden emotions. 
And using this technology, we can now reveal the hidden emotions associated with lying, and therefore detect people's lies. 
We can do so noninvasively, remotely, inexpensively, with an accuracy at about 85 percent, which is far better than chance level. 
And in addition, we discovered a Pinocchio effect. 
No, not this Pinocchio effect. 
(Laughter) This is the real Pinocchio effect. 
When people lie, the facial blood flow on the cheeks decreases, and the facial blood flow on the nose increases. 
Of course, lying is not the only situation that will evoke our hidden emotions. 
So then we asked ourselves, in addition to detecting lies, how can our technology be used? 
One application is in education. 
For example, using this technology, we can help this mathematics teacher to identify the student in his classroom who may experience high anxiety about the topic he's teaching so that he can help him. 
And also we can use this in health care. 
For example, every day I Skype my parents, who live thousands of miles away. 
And using this technology, I can not only find out what's going on in their lives but also simultaneously monitor their heart rate, their stress level, their mood and whether or not they are experiencing pain. 
And perhaps in the future, their risks for heart attack or hypertension. 
And you may ask: Can we use this also to reveal politicians' emotions? 
(Laughter) For example, during a debate. 
Well, the answer is yes. 
Using TV footage, we could detect the politicians' heart rate, mood and stress, and perhaps in the future, whether or not they are lying to us. 
We can also use this in marketing research, for example, to find out whether or not people like certain consumer products. 
We can even use it in dating. 
So for example, if your date is smiling at you, this technology can help you to determine whether she actually likes you or she is just trying to be nice to you. 
And in this case, she is just trying to be nice to you. 
(Laughter) So transdermal optical imaging technology is at a very early stage of development. 
Many new applications will come about that we don't know today. 
However, one thing I know for sure is that lying will never be the same again. 
Thank you very much. 
Xiè xie. 
(Applause) 

I want you guys to imagine that you're a soldier running through the battlefield. 
Now, you're shot in the leg with a bullet, which severs your femoral artery. 
Now, this bleed is extremely traumatic and can kill you in less than three minutes. 
Unfortunately, by the time that a medic actually gets to you, what the medic has on his or her belt can take five minutes or more, with the application of pressure, to stop that type of bleed. 
Now, this problem is not only a huge problem for the military, but it's also a huge problem that's epidemic throughout the entire medical field, which is how do we actually look at wounds and how do we stop them quickly in a way that can work with the body? 
So now, what I've been working on for the last four years is to develop smart biomaterials, which are actually materials that will work with the body, helping it to heal and helping it to allow the wounds to heal normally. 
So now, before we do this, we have to take a much closer look at actually how does the body work. 
So now, everybody here knows that the body is made up of cells. 
So the cell is the most basic unit of life. 
But not many people know what else. 
But it actually turns out that your cells sit in this mesh of complicated fibers, proteins and sugars known as the extracellular matrix. 
So now, the ECM is actually this mesh that holds the cells in place, provides structure for your tissues, but it also gives the cells a home. 
It allows them to feel what they're doing, where they are, and tells them how to act and how to behave. 
And it actually turns out that the extracellular matrix is different from every single part of the body. 
So the ECM in my skin is different than the ECM in my liver, and the ECM in different parts of the same organ actually vary, so it's very difficult to be able to have a product that will react to the local extracellular matrix, which is exactly what we're trying to do. 
So now, for example, think of the rainforest. 
You have the canopy, you have the understory, and you have the forest floor. 
Now, all of these parts of the forest are made up of different plants, and different animals call them home. 
So just like that, the extracellular matrix is incredibly diverse in three dimensions. 
On top of that, the extracellular matrix is responsible for all wound healing, so if you imagine cutting the body, you actually have to rebuild this very complex ECM in order to get it to form again, and a scar, in fact, is actually poorly formed extracellular matrix. 
So now, behind me is an animation of the extracellular matrix. 
So as you see, your cells sit in this complicated mesh and as you move throughout the tissue, the extracellular matrix changes. 
So now every other piece of technology on the market can only manage a two- dimensional approximation of the extracellular matrix, which means that it doesn't fit in with the tissue itself. 
So when I was a freshman at NYU, what I discovered was you could actually take small pieces of plant-derived polymers and reassemble them onto the wound. 
So if you have a bleeding wound like the one behind me, you can actually put our material onto this, and just like Lego blocks, it'll reassemble into the local tissue. 
So that means if you put it onto liver, it turns into something that looks like liver, and if you put it onto skin, it turns into something that looks just like skin. 
So when you put the gel on, it actually reassembles into this local tissue. 
So now, this has a whole bunch of applications, but basically the idea is, wherever you put this product, you're able to reassemble into it immediately. 
Now, this is a simulated arterial bleed — blood warning — at twice human artery pressure. 
So now, this type of bleed is incredibly traumatic, and like I said before, would actually take five minutes or more with pressure to be able to stop. 
Now, in the time that it takes me to introduce the bleed itself, our material is able to stop that bleed, and it's because it actually goes on and works with the body to heal, so it reassembles into this piece of meat, and then the blood actually recognizes that that's happening, and produces fibrin, producing a very fast clot in less than 10 seconds. 
So now this technology — Thank you. 
(Applause) So now this technology, by January, will be in the hands of veterinarians, and we're working very diligently to try to get it into the hands of doctors, hopefully within the next year. 
But really, once again, I want you guys to imagine that you are a soldier running through a battlefield. 
Now, you get hit in the leg with a bullet, and instead of bleeding out in three minutes, you pull a small pack of gel out of your belt, and with the press of a button, you're able to stop your own bleed and you're on your way to recovery. 
Thank you very much. 
(Applause) 

I moved to America 12 years ago with my wife Terry and our two kids. 
Actually, truthfully, we moved to Los Angeles — (Laughter) thinking we were moving to America, but anyway — (Laughter) It's a short plane ride from Los Angeles to America. (Laughter) 
I got here 12 years ago, and when I got here, I was told various things, like, "" Americans don't get irony. "" (Laughter) Have you come across this idea? 
We've invaded every country we've encountered. 
(Laughter) But it's not true Americans don't get irony, but I just want you to know that that's what people are saying about you behind your back. 
You know, so when you leave living rooms in Europe, people say, thankfully, nobody was ironic in your presence. 
(Laughter) But I knew that Americans get irony when I came across that legislation, "" No Child Left Behind. "" (Laughter) Because whoever thought of that title gets irony. (Laughter) 
(Applause) Because it's leaving millions of children behind. 
Now I can see that's not a very attractive name for legislation: "Millions of Children Left Behind." 
(Laughter) In some parts of the country, 60 percent of kids drop out of high school. 
In the Native American communities, it's 80 percent of kids. 
If we halved that number, one estimate is it would create a net gain to the U.S. economy over 10 years, of nearly a trillion dollars. 
It actually costs an enormous amount to mop up the damage from the dropout crisis. 
But the dropout crisis is just the tip of an iceberg. 
What it doesn't count are all the kids who are in school but being disengaged from it, who don't enjoy it, who don't get any real benefit from it. 
America spends more money on education than most other countries. 
Class sizes are smaller than in many countries. 
And there are hundreds of initiatives every year to try and improve education. 
The trouble is, it's all going in the wrong direction. 
There are three principles on which human life flourishes, and they are contradicted by the culture of education under which most teachers have to labor and most students have to endure. 
How about two children or more? Right. 
And the rest of you have seen such children. 
(Laughter) Small people wandering about. (Laughter) 
I will make you a bet, and I am confident that I will win the bet. 
If you've got two children or more, I bet you they are completely different from each other. 
Aren't they? 
(Applause) You would never confuse them, would you? 
Like, "" Which one are you? Remind me. "" (Laughter) "" Your mother and I need some color-coding system so we don't get confused. "" Education under "" No Child Left Behind "" is based on not diversity but conformity. 
What schools are encouraged to do is to find out what kids can do across a very narrow spectrum of achievement. 
One of the effects of "" No Child Left Behind "" has been to narrow the focus onto the so-called STEM disciplines. 
I'm not here to argue against science and math. 
A real education has to give equal weight to the arts, the humanities, to physical education. 
An awful lot of kids, sorry, thank you — (Applause) One estimate in America currently is that something like 10 percent of kids, getting on that way, are being diagnosed with various conditions under the broad title of attention deficit disorder. 
ADHD. 
If you sit kids down, hour after hour, doing low-grade clerical work, don't be surprised if they start to fidget, you know? 
(Laughter) (Applause) Children are not, for the most part, suffering from a psychological condition. 
(Laughter) And I know this because I spent my early life as a child. 
Kids prosper best with a broad curriculum that celebrates their various talents, not just a small range of them. 
And by the way, the arts aren't just important because they improve math scores. 
The second, thank you — (Applause) The second principle that drives human life flourishing is curiosity. 
It's a real achievement to put that particular ability out, or to stifle it. 
Teachers are the lifeblood of the success of schools. 
Great teachers do that, but what great teachers also do is mentor, stimulate, provoke, engage. 
An old friend of mine — actually very old, he's dead. 
(Laughter) That's as old as it gets, I'm afraid. (Laughter) 
He used to talk about the difference between the task and achievement senses of verbs. 
You can be engaged in the activity of something, but not really be achieving it, like dieting. 
There he is. He's dieting. 
The role of a teacher is to facilitate learning. 
And part of the problem is, I think, that the dominant culture of education has come to focus on not teaching and learning, but testing. 
They should be diagnostic. They should help. 
So in place of curiosity, what we have is a culture of compliance. 
Our children and teachers are encouraged to follow routine algorithms rather than to excite that power of imagination and curiosity. 
We create our lives, and we can recreate them as we go through them. 
I mean, you may have a dog. 
You know, but it doesn't listen to Radiohead, does it? 
(Laughter) And sit staring out the window with a bottle of Jack Daniels. (Laughter) 
We all create our own lives through this restless process of imagining alternatives and possibilities, and one of the roles of education is to awaken and develop these powers of creativity. 
Instead, what we have is a culture of standardization. 
That's one of the problems of the test. 
They have a very broad approach to education, which includes humanities, physical education, the arts. 
I mean, there's a bit, but it's not what gets people up in the morning, what keeps them at their desks. 
The third thing — and I was at a meeting recently with some people from Finland, actual Finnish people, and somebody from the American system was saying to the people in Finland, "What do you do about the drop-out rate in Finland?" 
And they all looked a bit bemused, and said, "" Well, we don't have one. 
If people are in trouble, we get to them quite quickly and we help and support them. "" Now people always say, "Well, you know, you can't compare Finland to America." 
No. I think there's a population of around five million in Finland. 
Many states in America have fewer people in them than that. 
I mean, I've been to some states in America and I was the only person there. 
(Laughter) Really. Really. 
(Laughter) But what all the high-performing systems in the world do is currently what is not evident, sadly, across the systems in America — I mean, as a whole. 
One is this: they individualize teaching and learning. 
The second is that they attribute a very high status to the teaching profession. 
They recognize that you can't improve education if you don't pick great people to teach and keep giving them constant support and professional development. 
It's an investment, and every other country that's succeeding well knows that, whether it's Australia, Canada, South Korea, Singapore, Hong Kong or Shanghai. 
You see, there's a big difference here between going into a mode of command and control in education — That's what happens in some systems. 
The trouble is that education doesn't go on in the committee rooms of our legislative buildings. 
It happens in classrooms and schools, and the people who do it are the teachers and the students, and if you remove their discretion, it stops working. 
(Applause) There is wonderful work happening in this country. 
But I have to say it's happening in spite of the dominant culture of education, not because of it. 
It's like people are sailing into a headwind all the time. 
And the reason I think is this: that many of the current policies are based on mechanistic conceptions of education. 
It's like education is an industrial process that can be improved just by having better data, and somewhere in the back of the mind of some policy makers is this idea that if we fine-tune it well enough, if we just get it right, it will all hum along perfectly into the future. 
It's a human system. 
Every student who drops out of school has a reason for it which is rooted in their own biography. 
They may find it boring. 
I was at a meeting recently in Los Angeles of — they're called alternative education programs. 
They're very personalized. 
And they work. 
We have to recognize that it's a human system, and there are conditions under which people thrive, and conditions under which they don't. 
We are after all organic creatures, and the culture of the school is absolutely essential. 
Culture is an organic term, isn't it? 
In the winter of 2004, it rained in Death Valley. 
Seven inches of rain fell over a very short period. 
The whole floor of Death Valley was carpeted in flowers for a while. 
Right beneath the surface are these seeds of possibility waiting for the right conditions to come about, and with organic systems, if the conditions are right, life is inevitable. 
You take an area, a school, a district, you change the conditions, give people a different sense of possibility, a different set of expectations, a broader range of opportunities, you cherish and value the relationships between teachers and learners, you offer people the discretion to be creative and to innovate in what they do, and schools that were once bereft spring to life. 
Great leaders know that. 
The real role of leadership in education — and I think it's true at the national level, the state level, at the school level — is not and should not be command and control. 
The real role of leadership is climate control, creating a climate of possibility. 
And if you do that, people will rise to it and achieve things that you completely did not anticipate and couldn't have expected. 
"" There are three sorts of people in the world: Those who are immovable, people who don't get it, or don't want to do anything about it; there are people who are movable, people who see the need for change and are prepared to listen to it; and there are people who move, people who make things happen. "" And if we can encourage more people, that will be a movement. 
And if the movement is strong enough, that's, in the best sense of the word, a revolution. 
Thank you very much. 
(Applause) Thank you very much. (Applause) 

So, I kind of believe that we're in like the "" cave-painting "" era of computer interfaces. 
Like, they're very kind of — they don't go as deep or as emotionally engaging as they possibly could be and I'd like to change all that. 
Hit me. 
OK. So I mean, this is the kind of status quo interface, right? 
It's very flat, kind of rigid. 
And OK, so you could sex it up and like go to a much more lickable Mac, you know, but really it's the kind of same old crap we've had for the last, you know, 30 years. 
(Laughter) (Applause) Like I think we really put up with a lot of crap with our computers. 
I mean it's point and click, it's like the menus, icons, it's all the kind of same thing. 
And so one kind of information space that I take inspiration from is my real desk. 
It's so much more subtle, so much more visceral — you know, what's visible, what's not. 
And I'd like to bring that experience to the desktop. 
So I kind of have a — this is BumpTop. 
It's kind of like a new approach to desktop computing. 
So you can bump things — they're all physically, you know, manipulable and stuff. 
And instead of that point and click, it's like a push and pull, things collide as you'd expect them. Just like on my real desk, I can — let me just grab these guys — I can turn things into piles instead of just the folders that we have. 
And once things are in a pile I can browse them by throwing them into a grid, or you know, flip through them like a book or I can lay them out like a deck of cards. 
When they're laid out, I can pull things to new locations or delete things or just quickly sort a whole pile, you know, just immediately, right? 
And then, it's all smoothly animated, instead of these jarring changes you see in today's interfaces. 
Also, if I want to add something to a pile, well, how do I do that? 
I just toss it to the pile, and it's added right to the top. It's a kind of nice way. 
Also some of the stuff we can do is, for these individual icons we thought — I mean, how can we play with the idea of an icon, and push that further? 
And one of the things I can do is make it bigger if I want to emphasize it and make it more important. 
But what's really cool is that since there's a physics simulation running under this, it's actually heavier. So the lighter stuff doesn't really move but if I throw it at the lighter guys, right? 
(Laughter) So it's cute, but it's also like a subtle channel of conveying information, right? 
This is heavy so it feels more important. So it's kind of cool. 
Despite computers everywhere paper really hasn't disappeared, because it has a lot of, I think, valuable properties. 
And some of those we wanted to transfer to the icons in our system. 
So one of the things you can do to our icons, just like paper, is crease them and fold them, just like paper. Remember, you know, something for later. 
Or if you want to be destructive, you can just crumple it up and, you know, toss it to the corner. 
Also just like paper, around our workspace we'll pin things up to the wall to remember them later, and I can do the same thing here, and you know, you'll see post-it notes and things like that around people's offices. 
And I can pull them off when I want to work with them. 
So, one of the criticisms of this kind of approach to organization is that, you know, "" Okay, well my real desk is really messy. I don't want that mess on my computer. "" So one thing we have for that is like a grid align, kind of — so you get that more traditional desktop. Things are kind of grid aligned. 
More boring, but you still have that kind of colliding and bumping. 
And you can still do fun things like make shelves on your desktop. 
Let's just break this shelf. Okay, that shelf broke. 
I think beyond the icons, I think another really cool domain for this software — I think it applies to more than just icons and your desktop — but browsing photographs. 
I think you can really enrich the way we browse our photographs and bring it to that kind of shoebox of, you know, photos with your family on the kitchen table kind of thing. 
I can toss these things around. They're so much more tangible and touchable — and you know I can double-click on something to take a look at it. 
And I can do all that kind of same stuff I showed you before. 
So I can pile things up, I can flip through it, I can, you know — okay, let's move this photo to the back, let's delete this guy here, and I think it's just a much more rich kind of way of interacting with your information. 
And that's BumpTop. Thanks! 

I'm speaking about compassion from an Islamic point of view, and perhaps my faith is not very well thought of as being one that is grounded in compassion. 
The truth of the matter is otherwise. 
Our holy book, the Koran, consists of 114 chapters, and each chapter begins with what we call the basmala, the saying of "" In the name of God, the all compassionate, the all merciful, "" or, as Sir Richard Burton — not the Richard Burton who was married to Elizabeth Taylor, but the Sir Richard Burton who lived a century before that and who was a worldwide traveler and translator of many works of literature — translates it. "" In the name of God, the compassionating, the compassionate. "" And in a saying of the Koran, which to Muslims is God speaking to humanity, God says to his prophet Muhammad — 
whom we believe to be the last of a series of prophets, beginning with Adam, including Noah, including Moses, including Abraham, including Jesus Christ, and ending with Muhammad — that, "" We have not sent you, O Muhammad, except as a 'rahmah,' except as a source of compassion to humanity. "" For us human beings, and certainly for us as Muslims, whose mission, and whose purpose in following the path of the prophet is to make ourselves as much like the prophet. 
And the prophet, in one of his sayings, said, "Adorn yourselves with the attributes of God." 
And because God Himself said that the primary attribute of his is compassion — in fact, the Koran says that "" God decreed upon himself compassion, "" or, "" reigned himself in by compassion "" — therefore, our objective and our mission must be to be sources of compassion, activators of compassion, actors of compassion and speakers of compassion and doers of compassion. 
That is all well and good, but where do we go wrong, and what is the source of the lack of compassion in the world? 
For the answer to this, we turn to our spiritual path. 
In every religious tradition, there is the outer path and the inner path, or the exoteric path and the esoteric path. 
The esoteric path of Islam is more popularly known as Sufism, or "" tasawwuf "" in Arabic. 
And these doctors or these masters, these spiritual masters of the Sufi tradition, refer to teachings and examples of our prophet that teach us where the source of our problems lies. 
In one of the battles that the prophet waged, he told his followers, "" We are returning from the lesser war to the greater war, to the greater battle. "" And they said, "" Messenger of God, we are battle-weary. 
How can we go to a greater battle? "" He said, "" That is the battle of the self, the battle of the ego. "" The sources of human problems have to do with egotism, "" I. "" The famous Sufi master Rumi, who is very well known to most of you, has a story in which he talks of a man who goes to the house of a friend, and he knocks on the door, and a voice answers, "" Who's there? "" "It's me," or, more grammatically correctly, "It is I," as we might say in English. 
The voice says, "" Go away. "" After many years of training, of disciplining, of search and struggle, he comes back. 
With much greater humility, he knocks again on the door. 
The voice asks, "" Who is there? "" He said, "" It is you, O heartbreaker. "" The door swings open, and the voice says, "Come in, for there is no room in this house for two I's," — two capital I's, not these eyes — "" for two egos. "" And Rumi's stories are metaphors for the spiritual path. 
In the presence of God, there is no room for more than one "" I, "" and that is the "" I "" of divinity. 
In a teaching — called a "" hadith qudsi "" in our tradition — God says that, "" My servant, "" or "" My creature, my human creature, does not approach me by anything that is dearer to me than what I have asked them to do. "" And those of you who are employers know exactly what I mean. 
You want your employees to do what you ask them to do, and if they've done that, then they can do extra. 
But don't ignore what you've asked them to do. 
"" And, "" God says, "" my servant continues to get nearer to me, by doing more of what I've asked them to do "" — extra credit, we might call it — "" until I love him or love her. 
And when I love my servant, "" God says, "" I become the eyes by which he or she sees, the ears by which he or she listens, the hand by which he or she grasps, and the foot by which he or she walks, and the heart by which he or she understands. "" It is this merging of our self with divinity that is the lesson and purpose of our spiritual path and all of our faith traditions. 
Muslims regard Jesus as the master of Sufism, the greatest prophet and messenger who came to emphasize the spiritual path. 
When he says, "" I am the spirit, and I am the way, "" and when the prophet Muhammad said, "" Whoever has seen me has seen God, "" it is because they became so much an instrument of God, they became part of God's team — so that God's will was manifest through them, and they were not acting from their own selves and their own egos. 
Compassion on earth is given, it is in us. 
All we have to do is to get our egos out of the way, get our egotism out of the way. 
I'm sure, probably all of you here, or certainly the very vast majority of you, have had what you might call a spiritual experience, a moment in your lives when, for a few seconds, a minute perhaps, the boundaries of your ego dissolved. 
And at that minute, you felt at one with the universe — one with that jug of water, one with every human being, one with the Creator — and you felt you were in the presence of power, of awe, of the deepest love, the deepest sense of compassion and mercy that you have ever experienced in your lives. 
That is a moment which is a gift of God to us — a gift when, for a moment, he lifts that boundary which makes us insist on "" I, I, I, me, me, me, "" and instead, like the person in Rumi's story, we say, "" Oh, this is all you. 
This is all you. And this is all us. 
And us, and I, and us are all part of you. 
O, Creator! O, the Objective! The source of our being and the end of our journey, you are also the breaker of our hearts. 
You are the one whom we should all be towards, for whose purpose we live, and for whose purpose we shall die, and for whose purpose we shall be resurrected again to account to God to what extent we have been compassionate beings. "" Our message today, and our purpose today, and those of you who are here today, and the purpose of this charter of compassion, is to remind. 
For the Koran always urges us to remember, to remind each other, because the knowledge of truth is within every human being. 
We know it all. 
We have access to it all. 
Jung may have called it "" the subconscious. "" Through our subconscious, in your dreams — the Koran calls our state of sleep "" the lesser death, "" "" the temporary death "" — in our state of sleep we have dreams, we have visions, we travel even outside of our bodies, for many of us, and we see wonderful things. 
We travel beyond the limitations of space as we know it, and beyond the limitations of time as we know it. 
But all this is for us to glorify the name of the creator whose primary name is the compassionating, the compassionate. 
God, Bokh, whatever name you want to call him with, Allah, Ram, Om, whatever the name might be through which you name or access the presence of divinity, it is the locus of absolute being, absolute love and mercy and compassion, and absolute knowledge and wisdom, what Hindus call "" satchidananda. "" The language differs, but the objective is the same. 
Rumi has another story about three men, a Turk, an Arab and — and I forget the third person, but for my sake, it could be a Malay. 
One is asking for angur — one is, say, an Englishman — one is asking for eneb, and one is asking for grapes. 
And they have a fight and an argument because — "" I want grapes. "" "" I want eneb. "" I want angur. "" — not knowing that the word that they're using refers to the same reality in different languages. 
There's only one absolute reality by definition, one absolute being by definition, because absolute is, by definition, single, and absolute and singular. 
There's this absolute concentration of being, the absolute concentration of consciousness, awareness, an absolute locus of compassion and love that defines the primary attributes of divinity. 
And these should also be the primary attributes of what it means to be human. 
For what defines humanity, perhaps biologically, is our physiology, but God defines humanity by our spirituality, by our nature. 
And the Koran says, He speaks to the angels and says, "" When I have finished the formation of Adam from clay, and breathed into him of my spirit, then, fall in prostration to him. "" The angels prostrate, not before the human body, but before the human soul. 
Why? Because the soul, the human soul, embodies a piece of the divine breath, a piece of the divine soul. 
This is also expressed in biblical vocabulary when we are taught that we were created in the divine image. 
What is the imagery of God? 
The imagery of God is absolute being, absolute awareness and knowledge and wisdom and absolute compassion and love. 
And therefore, for us to be human — in the greatest sense of what it means to be human, in the most joyful sense of what it means to be human — means that we too have to be proper stewards of the breath of divinity within us, and seek to perfect within ourselves the attribute of being, of being alive, of beingness; the attribute of wisdom, of consciousness, of awareness; and the attribute of being compassionate and loving beings. 
This is what I understand from my faith tradition, and this is what I understand from my studies of other faith traditions, and this is the common platform on which we must all stand, and when we stand on this platform as such, I am convinced that we can make a wonderful world. 
And I believe, personally, that we're on the verge and that, with the presence and help of people like you here, we can bring about the prophecy of Isaiah. 
For he foretold of a period when people shall transform their swords into plowshares and will not learn war or make war anymore. 
We have reached a stage in human history that we have no option: we must, we must lower our egos, control our egos — whether it is individual ego, personal ego, family ego, national ego — and let all be for the glorification of the one. 
Thank you, and God bless you. 
(Applause) 

Why do so many people reach success and then fail? 
One of the big reasons is, we think success is a one-way street. 
So we do everything that leads up to success, but then we get there. We figure we've made it, we sit back in our comfort zone, and we actually stop doing everything that made us successful. 
And it doesn't take long to go downhill. 
And I can tell you this happens, because it happened to me. 
Reaching success, I worked hard, I pushed myself. 
But then I stopped, because I figured, "" Oh, you know, I made it. 
I can just sit back and relax. "" Reaching success, I always tried to improve and do good work. 
But then I stopped because I figured, "" Hey, I'm good enough. 
I don't need to improve any more. "" Reaching success, I was pretty good at coming up with good ideas. 
Because I did all these simple things that led to ideas. 
But then I stopped, because I figured I was this hot-shot guy and I shouldn't have to work at ideas, they should just come like magic. 
And the only thing that came was creative block. 
I couldn't come up with any ideas. 
Reaching success, I always focused on clients and projects, and ignored the money. Then all this money started pouring in. 
And I got distracted by it. 
And suddenly I was on the phone to my stockbroker and my real estate agent, when I should have been talking to my clients. 
And reaching success, I always did what I loved. 
But then I got into stuff that I didn't love, like management. I am the world's worst manager, but I figured I should be doing it, because I was, after all, the president of the company. 
Well, soon a black cloud formed over my head and here I was, outwardly very successful, but inwardly very depressed. 
But I'm a guy; I knew how to fix it. 
I bought a fast car. 
(Laughter) It didn't help. 
I was faster but just as depressed. 
So I went to my doctor. I said, "" Doc, I can buy anything I want. But I'm not happy. I'm depressed. 
It's true what they say, and I didn't believe it until it happened to me. 
But money can't buy happiness. "" He said, "" No. But it can buy Prozac. "" And he put me on anti-depressants. 
And yeah, the black cloud faded a little bit, but so did all the work, because I was just floating along. I couldn't care less if clients ever called. 
(Laughter) And clients didn't call. (Laughter) 
Because they could see I was no longer serving them, I was only serving myself. 
So they took their money and their projects to others who would serve them better. 
Well, it didn't take long for business to drop like a rock. 
My partner and I, Thom, we had to let all our employees go. 
It was down to just the two of us, and we were about to go under. 
And that was great. 
Because with no employees, there was nobody for me to manage. 
So I went back to doing the projects I loved. 
I had fun again, I worked harder and, to cut a long story short, did all the things that took me back up to success. 
But it wasn't a quick trip. 
It took seven years. 
But in the end, business grew bigger than ever. 
And when I went back to following these eight principles, the black cloud over my head disappeared altogether. 
And I woke up one day and I said, "I don't need Prozac anymore." 
And I threw it away and haven't needed it since. 
I learned that success isn't a one-way street. 
It doesn't look like this; it really looks more like this. 
It's a continuous journey. 
And if we want to avoid "" success-to-failure-syndrome, "" we just keep following these eight principles, because that is not only how we achieve success, it's how we sustain it. 
So here is to your continued success. 
Thank you very much. 
(Applause) 

Technology has brought us so much: the moon landing, the Internet, the ability to sequence the human genome. 
But it also taps into a lot of our deepest fears, and about 30 years ago, the culture critic Neil Postman wrote a book called "" Amusing Ourselves to Death, "" which lays this out really brilliantly. 
And here's what he said, comparing the dystopian visions of George Orwell and Aldous Huxley. 
He said, Orwell feared we would become a captive culture. 
Huxley feared we would become a trivial culture. 
Orwell feared the truth would be concealed from us, and Huxley feared we would be drowned in a sea of irrelevance. 
In a nutshell, it's a choice between Big Brother watching you and you watching Big Brother. 
(Laughter) But it doesn't have to be this way. 
We are not passive consumers of data and technology. 
We shape the role it plays in our lives and the way we make meaning from it, but to do that, we have to pay as much attention to how we think as how we code. 
We have to ask questions, and hard questions, to move past counting things to understanding them. 
We're constantly bombarded with stories about how much data there is in the world, but when it comes to big data and the challenges of interpreting it, size isn't everything. 
There's also the speed at which it moves, and the many varieties of data types, and here are just a few examples: images, text, video, audio. 
And what unites this disparate types of data is that they're created by people and they require context. 
Now, there's a group of data scientists out of the University of Illinois-Chicago, and they're called the Health Media Collaboratory, and they've been working with the Centers for Disease Control to better understand how people talk about quitting smoking, how they talk about electronic cigarettes, and what they can do collectively to help them quit. 
The interesting thing is, if you want to understand how people talk about smoking, first you have to understand what they mean when they say "" smoking. "" And on Twitter, there are four main categories: number one, smoking cigarettes; number two, smoking marijuana; number three, smoking ribs; and number four, smoking hot women. 
(Laughter) So then you have to think about, well, how do people talk about electronic cigarettes? 
And there are so many different ways that people do this, and you can see from the slide it's a complex kind of a query. 
And what it reminds us is that language is created by people, and people are messy and we're complex and we use metaphors and slang and jargon and we do this 24 / 7 in many, many languages, and then as soon as we figure it out, we change it up. 
So did these ads that the CDC put on, these television ads that featured a woman with a hole in her throat and that were very graphic and very disturbing, did they actually have an impact on whether people quit? 
And the Health Media Collaboratory respected the limits of their data, but they were able to conclude that those advertisements — and you may have seen them — that they had the effect of jolting people into a thought process that may have an impact on future behavior. 
And what I admire and appreciate about this project, aside from the fact, including the fact that it's based on real human need, is that it's a fantastic example of courage in the face of a sea of irrelevance. 
And so it's not just big data that causes challenges of interpretation, because let's face it, we human beings have a very rich history of taking any amount of data, no matter how small, and screwing it up. 
So many years ago, you may remember that former President Ronald Reagan was very criticized for making a statement that facts are stupid things. 
And it was a slip of the tongue, let's be fair. 
He actually meant to quote John Adams' defense of British soldiers in the Boston Massacre trials that facts are stubborn things. 
But I actually think there's a bit of accidental wisdom in what he said, because facts are stubborn things, but sometimes they're stupid, too. 
I want to tell you a personal story about why this matters a lot to me. 
I need to take a breath. 
My son Isaac, when he was two, was diagnosed with autism, and he was this happy, hilarious, loving, affectionate little guy, but the metrics on his developmental evaluations, which looked at things like the number of words — at that point, none — communicative gestures and minimal eye contact, put his developmental level at that of a nine-month-old baby. 
And the diagnosis was factually correct, but it didn't tell the whole story. 
And about a year and a half later, when he was almost four, I found him in front of the computer one day running a Google image search on women, spelled "" w-i-m-e-n. "" And I did what any obsessed parent would do, which is immediately started hitting the "" back "" button to see what else he'd been searching for. 
And they were, in order: men, school, bus and computer. 
And I was stunned, because we didn't know that he could spell, much less read, and so I asked him, "Isaac, how did you do this?" 
And he looked at me very seriously and said, "Typed in the box." 
He was teaching himself to communicate, but we were looking in the wrong place, and this is what happens when assessments and analytics overvalue one metric — in this case, verbal communication — and undervalue others, such as creative problem-solving. 
Communication was hard for Isaac, and so he found a workaround to find out what he needed to know. 
And when you think about it, it makes a lot of sense, because forming a question is a really complex process, but he could get himself a lot of the way there by putting a word in a search box. 
And so this little moment had a really profound impact on me and our family because it helped us change our frame of reference for what was going on with him, and worry a little bit less and appreciate his resourcefulness more. 
Facts are stupid things. 
And they're vulnerable to misuse, willful or otherwise. 
I have a friend, Emily Willingham, who's a scientist, and she wrote a piece for Forbes not long ago entitled "" The 10 Weirdest Things Ever Linked to Autism. "" It's quite a list. 
The Internet, blamed for everything, right? 
And of course mothers, because. 
And actually, wait, there's more, there's a whole bunch in the "" mother "" category here. 
And you can see it's a pretty rich and interesting list. 
I'm a big fan of being pregnant near freeways, personally. 
The final one is interesting, because the term "" refrigerator mother "" was actually the original hypothesis for the cause of autism, and that meant somebody who was cold and unloving. 
And at this point, you might be thinking, "" Okay, Susan, we get it, you can take data, you can make it mean anything. "" And this is true, it's absolutely true, but the challenge is that we have this opportunity to try to make meaning out of it ourselves, because frankly, data doesn't create meaning. We do. 
So as businesspeople, as consumers, as patients, as citizens, we have a responsibility, I think, to spend more time focusing on our critical thinking skills. 
Why? 
Because at this point in our history, as we've heard many times over, we can process exabytes of data at lightning speed, and we have the potential to make bad decisions far more quickly, efficiently, and with far greater impact than we did in the past. 
Great, right? 
And so what we need to do instead is spend a little bit more time on things like the humanities and sociology, and the social sciences, rhetoric, philosophy, ethics, because they give us context that is so important for big data, and because they help us become better critical thinkers. 
Because after all, if I can spot a problem in an argument, it doesn't much matter whether it's expressed in words or in numbers. 
And this means teaching ourselves to find those confirmation biases and false correlations and being able to spot a naked emotional appeal from 30 yards, because something that happens after something doesn't mean it happened because of it, necessarily, and if you'll let me geek out on you for a second, the Romans called this "" post hoc ergo propter hoc, "" after which therefore because of which. 
And it means questioning disciplines like demographics. 
Why? Because they're based on assumptions about who we all are based on our gender and our age and where we live as opposed to data on what we actually think and do. 
And since we have this data, we need to treat it with appropriate privacy controls and consumer opt-in, and beyond that, we need to be clear about our hypotheses, the methodologies that we use, and our confidence in the result. 
As my high school algebra teacher used to say, show your math, because if I don't know what steps you took, I don't know what steps you didn't take, and if I don't know what questions you asked, I don't know what questions you didn't ask. 
And it means asking ourselves, really, the hardest question of all: Did the data really show us this, or does the result make us feel more successful and more comfortable? 
So the Health Media Collaboratory, at the end of their project, they were able to find that 87 percent of tweets about those very graphic and disturbing anti-smoking ads expressed fear, but did they conclude that they actually made people stop smoking? 
No. It's science, not magic. 
So if we are to unlock the power of data, we don't have to go blindly into Orwell's vision of a totalitarian future, or Huxley's vision of a trivial one, or some horrible cocktail of both. 
What we have to do is treat critical thinking with respect and be inspired by examples like the Health Media Collaboratory, and as they say in the superhero movies, let's use our powers for good. 
Thank you. 
(Applause) 

I don't know if you've noticed, but there's been a spate of books that have come out lately contemplating or speculating on the cognition and emotional life of dogs. 
Do they think, do they feel and, if so, how? 
So this afternoon, in my limited time, I wanted to take the guesswork out of a lot of that by introducing you to two dogs, both of whom have taken the command "" speak "" quite literally. 
The first dog is the first to go, and he is contemplating an aspect of his relationship to his owner, and the title is "" A Dog on His Master. "" "" As young as I look, I am growing older faster than he. 
Seven to one is the ratio, they tend to say. 
Whatever the number, I will pass him one day and take the lead, the way I do on our walks in the woods, and if this ever manages to cross his mind, it would be the sweetest shadow I have ever cast on snow or grass. "" (Applause) Thank you. 
And our next dog speaks in something called the revenant, which means a spirit that comes back to visit you. 
"" I am the dog you put to sleep, as you like to call the needle of oblivion, come back to tell you this simple thing: I never liked you. "" (Laughter) "" When I licked your face, I thought of biting off your nose. 
When I watched you toweling yourself dry, I wanted to leap and unman you with a snap. 
I resented the way you moved, your lack of animal grace, the way you would sit in a chair to eat, a napkin on your lap, a knife in your hand. 
I would have run away but I was too weak, a trick you taught me while I was learning to sit and heel and, greatest of insults, shake hands without a hand. 
I admit the sight of the leash would excite me, but only because it meant I was about to smell things you had never touched. 
You do not want to believe this, but I have no reason to lie: I hated the car, hated the rubber toys, disliked your friends, and worse, your relatives. 
The jingling of my tags drove me mad. 
You always scratched me in the wrong place. "" (Laughter) "" All I ever wanted from you was food and water in my bowls. 
While you slept, I watched you breathe as the moon rose in the sky. 
It took all of my strength not to raise my head and howl. 
Now, I am free of the collar, free of the yellow raincoat, monogrammed sweater, the absurdity of your lawn, and that is all you need to know about this place, except what you already supposed and are glad it did not happen sooner, that everyone here can read and write, the dogs in poetry, the cats and all the others in prose. "" Thank you. 
(Applause) 

I'm a huge believer in hands-on education. 
But you have to have the right tools. 
If I'm going to teach my daughter about electronics, I'm not going to give her a soldering iron. 
And similarly, she finds prototyping boards really frustrating for her little hands. 
So my wonderful student Sam and I decided to look at the most tangible thing we could think of: Play-Doh. 
And so we spent a summer looking at different Play-Doh recipes. 
And these recipes probably look really familiar to any of you who have made homemade play-dough — pretty standard ingredients you probably have in your kitchen. 
We have two favorite recipes — one that has these ingredients and a second that had sugar instead of salt. 
And they're great. We can make great little sculptures with these. 
But the really cool thing about them is when we put them together. 
You see that really salty Play-Doh? 
Well, it conducts electricity. 
And this is nothing new. 
It turns out that regular Play-Doh that you buy at the store conducts electricity, and high school physics teachers have used that for years. 
But our homemade play-dough actually has half the resistance of commercial Play-Doh. 
And that sugar dough? 
Well it's 150 times more resistant to electric current than that salt dough. 
So what does that mean? 
Well it means if you them together you suddenly have circuits — circuits that the most creative, tiny, little hands can build on their own. 
(Applause) And so I want to do a little demo for you. 
So if I take this salt dough, again, it's like the play-dough you probably made as kids, and I plug it in — it's a two-lead battery pack, simple battery pack, you can buy them at Radio Shack and pretty much anywhere else — we can actually then light things up. 
But if any of you have studied electrical engineering, we can also create a short circuit. 
If I push these together, the light turns off. 
Right, the current wants to run through the play-dough, not through that LED. 
If I separate them again, I have some light. 
Well now if I take that sugar dough, the sugar dough doesn't want to conduct electricity. 
It's like a wall to the electricity. 
If I place that between, now all the dough is touching, but if I stick that light back in, I have light. 
In fact, I could even add some movement to my sculptures. 
If I want a spinning tail, let's grab a motor, put some play-dough on it, stick it on and we have spinning. 
(Applause) And once you have the basics, we can make a slightly more complicated circuit. 
We call this our sushi circuit. It's very popular with kids. 
I plug in again the power to it. 
And now I can start talking about parallel and series circuits. 
I can start plugging in lots of lights. 
And we can start talking about things like electrical load. 
What happens if I put in lots of lights and then add a motor? 
It'll dim. 
We can even add microprocessors and have this as an input and create squishy sound music that we've done. 
You could do parallel and series circuits for kids using this. 
So this is all in your home kitchen. 
We've actually tried to turn it into an electrical engineering lab. 
We have a website, it's all there. These are the home recipes. 
We've got some videos. You can make them yourselves. 
And it's been really fun since we put them up to see where these have gone. 
We've had a mom in Utah who used them with her kids, to a science researcher in the U.K., and curriculum developers in Hawaii. 
So I would encourage you all to grab some Play-Doh, grab some salt, grab some sugar and start playing. 
We don't usually think of our kitchen as an electrical engineering lab or little kids as circuit designers, but maybe we should. 
Have fun. Thank you. 
(Applause) 

I want you to imagine what a breakthrough this was for women who were victims of violence in the 1980s. 
They would come into the emergency room with what the police would call "" a lovers' quarrel, "" and I would see a woman who was beaten, I would see a broken nose and a fractured wrist and swollen eyes. 
And as activists, we would take our Polaroid camera, we would take her picture, we would wait 90 seconds, and we would give her the photograph. 
And she would then have the evidence she needed to go to court. 
We were making what was invisible visible. 
I've been doing this for 30 years. 
I've been part of a social movement that has been working on ending violence against women and children. 
And for all those years, I've had an absolutely passionate and sometimes not popular belief that this violence is not inevitable, that it is learned, and if it's learned, it can be un-learned, and it can be prevented. 
(Applause) Why do I believe this? 
Because it's true. 
It is absolutely true. 
Between 1993 and 2010, domestic violence among adult women in the United States has gone down by 64 percent, and that is great news. 
(Applause) Sixty-four percent. Now, how did we get there? 
Our eyes were wide open. 
Thirty years ago, women were beaten, they were stalked, they were raped, and no one talked about it. 
There was no justice. 
And as an activist, that was not good enough. 
And so step one on this journey is we organized, and we created this extraordinary underground network of amazing women who opened shelters, and if they didn't open a shelter, they opened their home so that women and children could be safe. 
And you know what else we did? 
We had bake sales, we had car washes, and we did everything we could do to fundraise, and then at one point we said, you know, it's time that we went to the federal government and asked them to pay for these extraordinary services that are saving people's lives. 
Right? (Applause) And so, step number two, we knew we needed to change the laws. 
And so we went to Washington, and we lobbied for the first piece of legislation. 
And I remember walking through the halls of the U.S. Capitol, and I was in my 30s, and my life had purpose, and I couldn't imagine that anybody would ever challenge this important piece of legislation. 
I was probably 30 and naive. 
But I heard about a congressman who had a very, very different point of view. 
Do you know what he called this important piece of legislation? 
He called it the Take the Fun Out of Marriage Act. 
The Take the Fun Out of Marriage Act. 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was in 1984 in the United States, and I wish I had Twitter. 
(Laughter) Ten years later, after lots of hard work, we finally passed the Violence Against Women Act, which is a life-changing act that has saved so many lives. (Applause) Thank you. 
I was proud to be part of that work, and it changed the laws and it put millions of dollars into local communities. 
And you know what else it did? It collected data. 
And I have to tell you, I'm passionate about data. 
In fact, I am a data nerd. 
I'm sure there are a lot of data nerds here. 
I am a data nerd, and the reason for that is I want to make sure that if we spend a dollar, that the program works, and if it doesn't work, we should change the plan. 
And I also want to say one other thing: We are not going to solve this problem by building more jails or by even building more shelters. 
It is about economic empowerment for women, it is about healing kids who are hurt, and it is about prevention with a capital P. 
And so, step number three on this journey: We know, if we're going to keep making this progress, we're going to have to turn up the volume, we're going to have to increase the visibility, and we're going to have to engage the public. 
And so knowing that, we went to the Advertising Council, and we asked them to help us build a public education campaign. 
And we looked around the world to Canada and Australia and Brazil and parts of Africa, and we took this knowledge and we built the first national public education campaign called There's No Excuse for Domestic Violence. 
Take a look at one of our spots. 
(Video) Man: Where's dinner? 
Woman: Well, I thought you'd be home a couple hours ago, and I put everything away, so — Man: What is this? Pizza. Woman: If you had just called me, I would have known — Man: Dinner? Dinner ready is a pizza? Woman: Honey, please don't be so loud. 
Please don't — Let go of me! 
Man: Get in the kitchen! Woman: No! Help! 
Man: You want to see what hurts? (Slaps woman) That's what hurts! That's what hurts! (Breaking glass) Woman: Help me! 
["" Children have to sit by and watch. What's your excuse? ""] Esta Soler: As we were in the process of releasing this campaign, O.J. Simpson was arrested for the murder of his wife and her friend. 
We learned that he had a long history of domestic violence. 
The media became fixated. 
The story of domestic violence went from the back page, but actually from the no-page, to the front page. 
Our ads blanketed the airwaves, and women, for the first time, started to tell their stories. 
Movements are about moments, and we seized this moment. 
And let me just put this in context. 
Before 1980, do you have any idea how many articles were in The New York Times on domestic violence? 
I'll tell you: 158. 
And in the 2000s, over 7,000. 
We were obviously making a difference. 
But we were still missing a critical element. 
So, step four: We needed to engage men. 
We couldn't solve this problem with 50 percent of the population on the sidelines. 
And I already told you I'm a data nerd. 
National polling told us that men felt indicted and not invited into this conversation. 
So we wondered, how can we include men? 
How can we get men to talk about violence against women and girls? 
And a male friend of mine pulled me aside and he said, "" You want men to talk about violence against women and girls. Men don't talk. "" (Laughter) I apologize to the men in the audience. 
I know you do. 
But he said, "" Do you know what they do do? 
They do talk to their kids. 
They talk to their kids as parents, as coaches. "" And that's what we did. 
We met men where they were at and we built a program. 
And then we had this one event that stays in my heart forever where a basketball coach was talking to a room filled with male athletes and men from all walks of life. 
And he was talking about the importance of coaching boys into men and changing the culture of the locker room and giving men the tools to have healthy relationships. 
And all of a sudden, he looked at the back of the room, and he saw his daughter, and he called out his daughter's name, Michaela, and he said, "" Michaela, come up here. "" And she's nine years old, and she was kind of shy, and she got up there, and he said, "" Sit down next to me. "" She sat right down next to him. 
He gave her this big hug, and he said, "" People ask me why I do this work. 
I do this work because I'm her dad, and I don't want anyone ever to hurt her. "" And as a parent, I get it. 
I get it, knowing that there are so many sexual assaults on college campuses that are so widespread and so under-reported. 
We've done a lot for adult women. 
We've got to do a better job for our kids. 
We just do. We have to. (Applause) We've come a long way since the days of the Polaroid. 
Technology has been our friend. 
The mobile phone is a global game changer for the empowerment of women, and Facebook and Twitter and Google and YouTube and all the social media helps us organize and tell our story in a powerful way. 
And so those of you in this audience who have helped build those applications and those platforms, as an organizer, I say, thank you very much. 
Really. I clap for you. 
(Applause) I'm the daughter of a man who joined one club in his life, the Optimist Club. 
You can't make that one up. 
And it is his spirit and his optimism that is in my DNA. 
I have been doing this work for over 30 years, and I am convinced, now more than ever, in the capacity of human beings to change. 
I believe we can bend the arc of human history toward compassion and equality, and I also fundamentally believe and passionately believe that this violence does not have to be part of the human condition. 
And I ask you, stand with us as we create futures without violence for women and girls and men and boys everywhere. 
Thank you very much. 
(Applause) 

On September 10, the morning of my seventh birthday, I came downstairs to the kitchen, where my mother was washing the dishes and my father was reading the paper or something, and I sort of presented myself to them in the doorway, and they said, "Hey, happy birthday!" And I said, "I'm seven." 
And my father smiled and said, "Well, you know what that means, don't you?" 
And I said, "" Yeah, that I'm going to have a party and a cake and get a lot of presents? "" And my dad said, "" Well, yes. 
But more importantly, being seven means that you've reached the age of reason, and you're now capable of committing any and all sins against God and man. "" (Laughter) Now, I had heard this phrase, "" age of reason, "" before. 
Sister Mary Kevin had been bandying it about my second-grade class at school. 
But when she said it, the phrase seemed all caught up in the excitement of preparations for our first communion and our first confession, and everybody knew that was really all about the white dress and the white veil. 
And anyway, I hadn't really paid all that much attention to that phrase, "" age of reason. "" So, I said, "" Yeah, yeah, age of reason. What does that mean again? "" And my dad said, "" Well, we believe, in the Catholic Church, that God knows that little kids don't know the difference between right and wrong, but when you're seven, you're old enough to know better. 
So, you've grown up and reached the age of reason, and now God will start keeping notes on you, and begin your permanent record. "" (Laughter) And I said, "" Oh... 
Wait a minute. 
You mean all that time, up till today, all that time I was so good, God didn't notice it? "" And my mom said, "" Well, I noticed it. "" (Laughter) And I thought, "" How could I not have known this before? 
How could it not have sunk in when they'd been telling me? 
All that being good and no real credit for it. 
And worst of all, how could I not have realized this very important information until the very day that it was basically useless to me? "" So I said, "" Well, Mom and Dad, what about Santa Claus? 
I mean, Santa Claus knows if you're naughty or nice, right? "" And my dad said, "" Yeah, but, honey, I think that's technically just between Thanksgiving and Christmas. "" And my mother said, "" Oh, Bob, stop it. Let's just tell her. I mean, she's seven. 
Julie, there is no Santa Claus. "" (Laughter) Now, this was actually not that upsetting to me. 
My parents had this whole elaborate story about Santa Claus: how they had talked to Santa Claus himself and agreed that instead of Santa delivering our presents over the night of Christmas Eve, like he did for every other family who got to open their surprises first thing Christmas morning, our family would give Santa more time. 
Santa would come to our house while we were at nine o'clock high mass on Christmas morning, but only if all of us kids did not make a fuss. 
Which made me very suspicious. 
It was pretty obvious that it was really our parents giving us the presents. 
I mean, my dad had a very distinctive wrapping style, and my mother's handwriting was so close to Santa's. 
(Laughter) Plus, why would Santa save time by having to loop back to our house after he'd gone to everybody else's? 
There was only one obvious conclusion to reach from this mountain of evidence: our family was too strange and weird for even Santa Claus to come visit, and my poor parents were trying to protect us from the embarrassment, this humiliation of rejection by Santa, who was jolly — but let's face it, he was also very judgmental. 
So to find out that there was no Santa Claus at all was actually sort of a relief. 
I left the kitchen not really in shock about Santa, but rather, I was just dumbfounded about how I could have missed this whole age of reason thing. 
It was too late for me, but maybe I could help someone else, someone who could use the information. 
They had to fit two criteria: they had to be old enough to be able to understand the whole concept of the age of reason, and not yet seven. 
The answer was clear: my brother Bill. He was six. 
Well, I finally found Bill about a block away from our house at this public school playground. 
It was a Saturday, and he was all by himself, just kicking a ball against the side of a wall. 
I ran up to him and said, "" Bill! 
I just realized that the age of reason starts when you turn seven, and then you're capable of committing any and all sins against God and man. "" And Bill said, "" So? "" And I said, "" So, you're six. 
You have a whole year to do anything you want to and God won't notice it. "" And he said, "" So? "" And I said, "" So? So everything! "" And I turned to run. I was so angry with him. 
But when I got to the top of the steps, I turned around dramatically and said, "Oh, by the way, Bill — there is no Santa Claus." 
(Laughter) Now, I didn't know it at the time, but I really wasn't turning seven on September 10th. 
For my 13th birthday, I planned a slumber party with all of my girlfriends, but a couple of weeks beforehand my mother took me aside and said, "" I need to speak to you privately. 
September 10th is not your birthday. It's October 10th. "" And I said, "" What? "" (Laughter) And she said... (Laughter) 
"Listen. The cut-off date to start kindergarten was September 15th." (Laughter) 
"" So I told them that your birthday was September 10th, and then I wasn't sure that you weren't just going to go blab it all over the place, so I started to tell you your birthday was September 10th. 
But, Julie, you were so ready to start school, honey. You were so ready. "" I thought about it, and when I was four, I was already the oldest of four children, and my mother even had another child to come, so what I think she — understandably — really meant was that she was so ready, she was so ready. 
Then she said, "" Don't worry, Julie. 
Every year on October 10th, when it was your birthday but you didn't realize it, I made sure that you ate a piece of cake that day. "" (Laughter) Which was comforting, but troubling. 
My mother had been celebrating my birthday with me, without me. 
(Laughter) What was so upsetting about this new piece of information was not that I had to change the date of my slumber party with all of my girlfriends. 
What was most upsetting was that this meant I was not a Virgo. 
I had a huge Virgo poster in my bedroom. 
And I read my horoscope every single day, and it was so totally me. 
(Laughter) And this meant that I was a Libra? 
So, I took the bus downtown to get the new Libra poster. 
The Virgo poster is a picture of a beautiful woman with long hair, sort of lounging by some water, but the Libra poster is just a huge scale. 
This was around the time that I started filling out physically, and I was filling out a lot more than a lot of the other girls, and frankly, the whole idea that my astrological sign was a scale just seemed ominous and depressing. 
(Laughter) But I got the new Libra poster, and I started to read my new Libra horoscope, and I was astonished to find that it was also totally me. (Laughter) 
It wasn't until years later, looking back on this whole age-of-reason, change-of-birthday thing, that it dawned on me: I wasn't turning seven when I thought I turned seven. 
I had a whole other month to do anything I wanted to before God started keeping tabs on me. 
Oh, life can be so cruel. 
One day, two Mormon missionaries came to my door. 
Now, I just live off a main thoroughfare in Los Angeles, and my block is — well, it's a natural beginning for people who are peddling things door to door. 
Sometimes I get little old ladies from the Seventh Day Adventist Church showing me these cartoon pictures of heaven. 
And sometimes I get teenagers who promise me that they won't join a gang and just start robbing people, if I only buy some magazine subscriptions from them. 
So normally, I just ignore the doorbell, but on this day, I answered. 
And there stood two boys, each about 19, in white, starched short-sleeved shirts, and they had little name tags that identified them as official representatives of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, and they said they had a message for me, from God. 
I said, "" A message for me? From God? "" And they said, "" Yes. "" Now, I was raised in the Pacific Northwest, around a lot of Church of Latter-day Saints people and, you know, I've worked with them and even dated them, but I never really knew the doctrine, or what they said to people when they were out on a mission, and I guess I was sort of curious, so I said, "" Well, please, come in. "" And they looked really happy, because I don't think this happens to them all that often. 
(Laughter) And I sat them down, and I got them glasses of water — Ok, I got it, I got it. 
I got them glasses of water. 
Don't touch my hair, that's the thing. 
(Laughter) You can't put a video of myself in front of me and expect me not to fix my hair. 
Ok. 
(Laughter) So I sat them down and I got them glasses of water, and after niceties, they said, "Do you believe that God loves you with all his heart?" 
And I thought, "" Well, of course I believe in God, but you know, I don't like that word 'heart,' because it anthropomorphizes God, and I don't like the word, 'his,' either, because that sexualizes God. "" But I didn't want to argue semantics with these boys, so after a very long, uncomfortable pause, I said, "Yes, yes, I do. I feel very loved." 
And they looked at each other and smiled, like that was the right answer. 
And then they said, "" Do you believe that we're all brothers and sisters on this planet? "" And I said, "" Yes, I do. "" And I was so relieved that it was a question I could answer so quickly. 
And they said, "" Well, then we have a story to tell you. "" And they told me this story all about this guy named Lehi, who lived in Jerusalem in 600 BC. 
Now, apparently in Jerusalem in 600 BC, everyone was completely bad and evil. 
Every single one of them: man, woman, child, infant, fetus. 
And God came to Lehi and said to him, "Put your family on a boat and I will lead you out of here." 
And God did lead them. 
He led them to America. 
I said, "" America? 
(Laughter) From Jerusalem to America by boat in 600 BC? "" And they said, "" Yes. "" (Laughter) Then they told me how Lehi and his descendants reproduced and reproduced, and over the course of 600 years, there were two great races of them, the Nephites and the Lamanites, and the Nephites were totally good — each and every one of them — and the Lamanites were totally bad and evil — every single one of them just bad to the bone. 
Then, after Jesus died on the cross for our sins, on his way up to heaven, he stopped by America and visited the Nephites. 
(Laughter) And he told them that if they all remained totally, totally good — each and every one of them — they would win the war against the evil Lamanites. 
But apparently somebody blew it, because the Lamanites were able to kill all the Nephites. 
All but one guy, this guy named Mormon, who managed to survive by hiding in the woods. 
And he made sure this whole story was written down in reformed Egyptian hieroglyphics chiseled onto gold plates, which he then buried near Palmyra, New York. 
(Laughter) Well, I was just on the edge of my seat. (Laughter) 
I said, "" What happened to the Lamanites? "" And they said, "" Well, they became our Native Americans, here in the U.S. "" And I said, "" So, you believe the Native Americans are descended from a people who were totally evil? "" And they said, "" Yes. "" Then they told me how this guy named Joseph Smith found those buried gold plates right in his backyard, and he also found this magic stone back there that he put into his hat and then buried his face into, and this allowed him to translate the gold plates from the reformed Egyptian into English. 
Well, at this point I just wanted to give these two boys some advice about their pitch. 
(Laughter) I wanted to say — (Applause) "Ok, don't start with this story." (Laughter) 
I mean, even the Scientologists know to start with a personality test before they start — (Applause) telling people all about Xenu, the evil intergalactic overlord. 
Then, they said, "" Do you believe that God speaks to us through his righteous prophets? "" And I said, "" No, I don't, "" because I was sort of upset about this Lamanite story and this crazy gold plate story, but the truth was, I hadn't really thought this through, so I backpedaled a little and I said, "" Well, what exactly do you mean by 'righteous'? 
And what do you mean by prophets? Like, could the prophets be women? "" And they said, "" No. "" And I said, "" Why? "" And they said, "" Well, it's because God gave women a gift that is so spectacular, it is so wonderful, that the only gift he had left over to give men was the gift of prophecy. "" What is this wonderful gift God gave women, I wondered? 
Maybe their greater ability to cooperate and adapt? 
(Laughter) Women's longer lifespan? 
The fact that women tend to be much less violent than men? 
But no — it wasn't any of these gifts. 
They said, "" Well, it's her ability to bear children. "" I said, "" Oh, come on. 
I mean, even if women tried to have a baby every single year from the time they were 15 to the time they were 45, assuming they didn't die from exhaustion, it still seems like some women would have some time left over to hear the word of God. "" And they said, "" No. "" (Laughter) Well, then they didn't look so fresh-faced and cute to me any more, but they had more to say. 
They said, "" Well, we also believe that if you're a Mormon, and if you're in good standing with the church, when you die, you get to go to heaven and be with your family for all eternity. "" And I said, "" Oh, dear. 
(Laughter) That wouldn't be such a good incentive for me. "" (Laughter) And they said, "" Oh. (Laughter) 
Hey! Well, we also believe that when you go to heaven, you get your body restored to you in its best original state. 
Like, if you'd lost a leg, well, you get it back. 
Or, if you'd gone blind, you could see. "" I said, "" Oh. Now, I don't have a uterus, because I had cancer a few years ago. 
So does this mean that if I went to heaven, I would get my old uterus back? "" And they said, "" Sure. "" And I said, "" I don't want it back. I'm happy without it. "" Gosh. 
What if you had a nose job and you liked it? 
(Laughter) Would God force you to get your old nose back? 
Then they gave me this Book of Mormon, told me to read this chapter and that chapter, and said they'd come back and check in on me, and I think I said something like, "" Please don't hurry, "" or maybe just, "" Please don't, "" and they were gone. 
Ok, so I initially felt really superior to these boys, and smug in my more conventional faith. 
But then the more I thought about it, the more I had to be honest with myself. 
If someone came to my door and I was hearing Catholic theology and dogma for the very first time, and they said, "" We believe that God impregnated a very young girl without the use of intercourse, and the fact that she was a virgin is maniacally important to us. "" (Laughter) "And she had a baby, and that's the son of God," I mean, I would think that's equally ridiculous. 
I'm just so used to that story. 
(Laughter) So, I couldn't let myself feel condescending towards these boys. 
But the question they asked me when they first arrived really stuck in my head: Did I believe that God loved me with all his heart? 
Because I wasn't exactly sure how I felt about that question. 
Now, if they had asked me, "Do you feel that God loves you with all his heart?" 
Well, that would have been much different, I think I would have instantly answered, "" Yes, yes, I feel it all the time. 
I feel God's love when I'm hurt and confused, and I feel consoled and cared for. 
I take shelter in God's love when I don't understand why tragedy hits, and I feel God's love when I look with gratitude at all the beauty I see. "" But since they asked me that question with the word "" believe "" in it, somehow it was all different, because I wasn't exactly sure if I believed what I so clearly felt. 

What is going to be the future of learning? 
I do have a plan, but in order for me to tell you what that plan is, I need to tell you a little story, which kind of sets the stage. 
I tried to look at where did the kind of learning we do in schools, where did it come from? 
And you can look far back into the past, but if you look at present-day schooling the way it is, it's quite easy to figure out where it came from. 
It came from about 300 years ago, and it came from the last and the biggest of the empires on this planet. ["" The British Empire ""] Imagine trying to run the show, trying to run the entire planet, without computers, without telephones, with data handwritten on pieces of paper, and traveling by ships. 
But the Victorians actually did it. 
What they did was amazing. 
They created a global computer made up of people. 
It's still with us today. 
It's called the bureaucratic administrative machine. 
In order to have that machine running, you need lots and lots of people. 
They made another machine to produce those people: the school. 
The schools would produce the people who would then become parts of the bureaucratic administrative machine. 
They must be identical to each other. 
They must know three things: They must have good handwriting, because the data is handwritten; they must be able to read; and they must be able to do multiplication, division, addition and subtraction in their head. 
They must be so identical that you could pick one up from New Zealand and ship them to Canada and he would be instantly functional. 
The Victorians were great engineers. 
They engineered a system that was so robust that it's still with us today, continuously producing identical people for a machine that no longer exists. 
The empire is gone, so what are we doing with that design that produces these identical people, and what are we going to do next if we ever are going to do anything else with it? 
["" Schools as we know them are obsolete ""] So that's a pretty strong comment there. 
I said schools as we know them now, they're obsolete. 
I'm not saying they're broken. 
It's quite fashionable to say that the education system's broken. 
It's not broken. It's wonderfully constructed. 
It's just that we don't need it anymore. It's outdated. 
What are the kind of jobs that we have today? 
Well, the clerks are the computers. 
They're there in thousands in every office. 
And you have people who guide those computers to do their clerical jobs. 
Those people don't need to be able to write beautifully by hand. 
They don't need to be able to multiply numbers in their heads. 
They do need to be able to read. 
In fact, they need to be able to read discerningly. 
Well, that's today, but we don't even know what the jobs of the future are going to look like. 
We know that people will work from wherever they want, whenever they want, in whatever way they want. 
How is present-day schooling going to prepare them for that world? 
Well, I bumped into this whole thing completely by accident. 
I used to teach people how to write computer programs in New Delhi, 14 years ago. 
And right next to where I used to work, there was a slum. 
And I used to think, how on Earth are those kids ever going to learn to write computer programs? 
Or should they not? 
At the same time, we also had lots of parents, rich people, who had computers, and who used to tell me, "" You know, my son, I think he's gifted, because he does wonderful things with computers. 
And my daughter — oh, surely she is extra-intelligent. "" And so on. So I suddenly figured that, how come all the rich people are having these extraordinarily gifted children? 
(Laughter) What did the poor do wrong? 
I made a hole in the boundary wall of the slum next to my office, and stuck a computer inside it just to see what would happen if I gave a computer to children who never would have one, didn't know any English, didn't know what the Internet was. 
The children came running in. 
It was three feet off the ground, and they said, "" What is this? "" And I said, "" Yeah, it's, I don't know. "" (Laughter) They said, "" Why have you put it there? "" I said, "" Just like that. "" And they said, "" Can we touch it? "" I said, "" If you wish to. "" And I went away. 
About eight hours later, we found them browsing and teaching each other how to browse. 
So I said, "" Well that's impossible, because — How is it possible? They don't know anything. "" My colleagues said, "" No, it's a simple solution. 
One of your students must have been passing by, showed them how to use the mouse. "" So I said, "" Yeah, that's possible. "" So I repeated the experiment. I went 300 miles out of Delhi into a really remote village where the chances of a passing software development engineer was very little. (Laughter) I repeated the experiment there. 
There was no place to stay, so I stuck my computer in, I went away, came back after a couple of months, found kids playing games on it. 
When they saw me, they said, "We want a faster processor and a better mouse." 
(Laughter) So I said, "" How on Earth do you know all this? "" And they said something very interesting to me. 
In an irritated voice, they said, "" You've given us a machine that works only in English, so we had to teach ourselves English in order to use it. "" (Laughter) That's the first time, as a teacher, that I had heard the word "" teach ourselves "" said so casually. 
Here's a short glimpse from those years. 
That's the first day at the Hole in the Wall. 
On your right is an eight-year-old. 
To his left is his student. She's six. 
And he's teaching her how to browse. 
Then onto other parts of the country, I repeated this over and over again, getting exactly the same results that we were. 
["" Hole in the wall film - 1999 ""] An eight-year-old telling his elder sister what to do. 
And finally a girl explaining in Marathi what it is, and said, "" There's a processor inside. "" So I started publishing. 
I published everywhere. I wrote down and measured everything, and I said, in nine months, a group of children left alone with a computer in any language will reach the same standard as an office secretary in the West. 
I'd seen it happen over and over and over again. 
But I was curious to know, what else would they do if they could do this much? 
I started experimenting with other subjects, among them, for example, pronunciation. 
There's one community of children in southern India whose English pronunciation is really bad, and they needed good pronunciation because that would improve their jobs. 
I gave them a speech-to-text engine in a computer, and I said, "" Keep talking into it until it types what you say. "" (Laughter) They did that, and watch a little bit of this. 
Computer: Nice to meet you.Child: Nice to meet you. 
Sugata Mitra: The reason I ended with the face of this young lady over there is because I suspect many of you know her. 
She has now joined a call center in Hyderabad and may have tortured you about your credit card bills in a very clear English accent. 
So then people said, well, how far will it go? 
Where does it stop? 
I decided I would destroy my own argument by creating an absurd proposition. 
I made a hypothesis, a ridiculous hypothesis. 
Tamil is a south Indian language, and I said, can Tamil-speaking children in a south Indian village learn the biotechnology of DNA replication in English from a streetside computer? 
And I said, I'll measure them. They'll get a zero. 
I'll spend a couple of months, I'll leave it for a couple of months, I'll go back, they'll get another zero. 
I'll go back to the lab and say, we need teachers. 
I found a village. It was called Kallikuppam in southern India. 
I put in Hole in the Wall computers there, downloaded all kinds of stuff from the Internet about DNA replication, most of which I didn't understand. 
The children came rushing, said, "" What's all this? "" So I said, "" It's very topical, very important. But it's all in English. "" So they said, "" How can we understand such big English words and diagrams and chemistry? "" So by now, I had developed a new pedagogical method, so I applied that. I said, "" I haven't the foggiest idea. "" (Laughter) "And anyway, I am going away." (Laughter) 
So I left them for a couple of months. 
They'd got a zero. I gave them a test. 
I came back after two months and the children trooped in and said, "" We've understood nothing. "" So I said, "" Well, what did I expect? "" So I said, "" Okay, but how long did it take you before you decided that you can't understand anything? "" So they said, "" We haven't given up. 
We look at it every single day. "" So I said, "" What? You don't understand these screens and you keep staring at it for two months? What for? "" So a little girl who you see just now, she raised her hand, and she says to me in broken Tamil and English, she said, "" Well, apart from the fact that improper replication of the DNA molecule causes disease, we haven't understood anything else. "" (Laughter) (Applause) So I tested them. 
I got an educational impossibility, zero to 30 percent in two months in the tropical heat with a computer under the tree in a language they didn't know doing something that's a decade ahead of their time. 
Absurd. But I had to follow the Victorian norm. 
Thirty percent is a fail. 
How do I get them to pass? I have to get them 20 more marks. 
I couldn't find a teacher. What I did find was a friend that they had, a 22-year-old girl who was an accountant and she played with them all the time. 
So I asked this girl, "" Can you help them? "" So she says, "" Absolutely not. 
I didn't have science in school. I have no idea what they're doing under that tree all day long. I can't help you. "" I said, "" I'll tell you what. Use the method of the grandmother. "" So she says, "" What's that? "" I said, "" Stand behind them. 
Whenever they do anything, you just say, 'Well, wow, I mean, how did you do that? 
What's the next page? Gosh, when I was your age, I could have never done that. 'You know what grannies do. "" So she did that for two more months. 
The scores jumped to 50 percent. 
Kallikuppam had caught up with my control school in New Delhi, a rich private school with a trained biotechnology teacher. 
When I saw that graph I knew there is a way to level the playing field. 
Here's Kallikuppam. 
(Children speaking) Neurons... communication. 
I got the camera angle wrong. That one is just amateur stuff, but what she was saying, as you could make out, was about neurons, with her hands were like that, and she was saying neurons communicate. 
At 12. 
So what are jobs going to be like? 
Well, we know what they're like today. 
What's learning going to be like? We know what it's like today, children pouring over with their mobile phones on the one hand and then reluctantly going to school to pick up their books with their other hand. 
What will it be tomorrow? 
Could it be that we don't need to go to school at all? 
Could it be that, at the point in time when you need to know something, you can find out in two minutes? 
Could it be — a devastating question, a question that was framed for me by Nicholas Negroponte — could it be that we are heading towards or maybe in a future where knowing is obsolete? 
But that's terrible. We are homo sapiens. 
Knowing, that's what distinguishes us from the apes. 
But look at it this way. 
It took nature 100 million years to make the ape stand up and become Homo sapiens. 
It took us only 10,000 to make knowing obsolete. 
What an achievement that is. 
But we have to integrate that into our own future. 
Encouragement seems to be the key. 
If you look at Kuppam, if you look at all of the experiments that I did, it was simply saying, "" Wow, "" saluting learning. 
There is evidence from neuroscience. 
The reptilian part of our brain, which sits in the center of our brain, when it's threatened, it shuts down everything else, it shuts down the prefrontal cortex, the parts which learn, it shuts all of that down. 
Punishment and examinations are seen as threats. 
We take our children, we make them shut their brains down, and then we say, "" Perform. "" Why did they create a system like that? 
Because it was needed. 
There was an age in the Age of Empires when you needed those people who can survive under threat. 
When you're standing in a trench all alone, if you could have survived, you're okay, you've passed. 
If you didn't, you failed. 
But the Age of Empires is gone. 
What happens to creativity in our age? 
We need to shift that balance back from threat to pleasure. 
I came back to England looking for British grandmothers. 
I put out notices in papers saying, if you are a British grandmother, if you have broadband and a web camera, can you give me one hour of your time per week for free? 
I got 200 in the first two weeks. 
I know more British grandmothers than anyone in the universe. (Laughter) They're called the Granny Cloud. 
The Granny Cloud sits on the Internet. 
If there's a child in trouble, we beam a Gran. 
She goes on over Skype and she sorts things out. 
I've seen them do it from a village called Diggles in northwestern England, deep inside a village in Tamil Nadu, India, 6,000 miles away. 
She does it with only one age-old gesture. 
"Shhh." 
Okay? 
Watch this. 
Grandmother: You can't catch me. You say it. You can't catch me. 
Children: You can't catch me. Grandmother: I'm the Gingerbread Man.Children: I'm the Gingerbread Man. Grandmother: Well done! Very good. SM: So what's happening here? I think what we need to look at is 
we need to look at learning as the product of educational self-organization. 
If you allow the educational process to self-organize, then learning emerges. 
It's not about making learning happen. 
It's about letting it happen. 
The teacher sets the process in motion and then she stands back in awe and watches as learning happens. 
I think that's what all this is pointing at. 
But how will we know? How will we come to know? 
Well, I intend to build these Self-Organized Learning Environments. 
They are basically broadband, collaboration and encouragement put together. 
I've tried this in many, many schools. 
It's been tried all over the world, and teachers sort of stand back and say, "" It just happens by itself? "" And I said, "" Yeah, it happens by itself. "" "" How did you know that? "" I said, "" You won't believe the children who told me and where they're from. "" Here's a SOLE in action. 
(Children talking) This one is in England. 
He maintains law and order, because remember, there's no teacher around. 
Girl: The total number of electrons is not equal to the total number of protons — SM: Australia Girl: — giving it a net positive or negative electrical charge. 
The net charge on an ion is equal to the number of protons in the ion minus the number of electrons. 
SM: A decade ahead of her time. 
So SOLEs, I think we need a curriculum of big questions. 
You already heard about that. You know what that means. 
There was a time when Stone Age men and women used to sit and look up at the sky and say, "What are those twinkling lights?" 
They built the first curriculum, but we've lost sight of those wondrous questions. 
We've brought it down to the tangent of an angle. 
But that's not sexy enough. 
The way you would put it to a nine-year-old is to say, "" If a meteorite was coming to hit the Earth, how would you figure out if it was going to or not? "" And if he says, "" Well, what? how? "" you say, "" There's a magic word. It's called the tangent of an angle, "" and leave him alone. He'll figure it out. 
So here are a couple of images from SOLEs. 
I've tried incredible, incredible questions — "" When did the world begin? How will it end? "" — to nine-year-olds. 
This one is about what happens to the air we breathe. 
This is done by children without the help of any teacher. 
The teacher only raises the question, and then stands back and admires the answer. 
So what's my wish? 
My wish is that we design the future of learning. 
We don't want to be spare parts for a great human computer, do we? 
So we need to design a future for learning. 
And I've got to — hang on, I've got to get this wording exactly right, because, you know, it's very important. 
My wish is to help design a future of learning by supporting children all over the world to tap into their wonder and their ability to work together. 
Help me build this school. 
It will be called the School in the Cloud. 
It will be a school where children go on these intellectual adventures driven by the big questions which their mediators put in. 
The way I want to do this is to build a facility where I can study this. 
It's a facility which is practically unmanned. 
There's only one granny who manages health and safety. 
The rest of it's from the cloud. 
The lights are turned on and off by the cloud, etc., etc., everything's done from the cloud. 
But I want you for another purpose. 
You can do Self-Organized Learning Environments at home, in the school, outside of school, in clubs. 
It's very easy to do. There's a great document produced by TED which tells you how to do it. 
If you would please, please do it across all five continents and send me the data, then I'll put it all together, move it into the School of Clouds, and create the future of learning. 
That's my wish. 
And just one last thing. 
I'll take you to the top of the Himalayas. 
At 12,000 feet, where the air is thin, I once built two Hole in the Wall computers, and the children flocked there. 
And there was this little girl who was following me around. 
And I said to her, "" You know, I want to give a computer to everybody, every child. 
I don't know, what should I do? "" And I was trying to take a picture of her quietly. 
She suddenly raised her hand like this, and said to me, "Get on with it." 
(Laughter) (Applause) I think it was good advice. 
I'll follow her advice. I'll stop talking. 
Thank you. Thank you very much. 
(Applause) Thank you. Thank you. (Applause) Thank you very much. Wow. (Applause) 

Tommy Mizzone: Tonight we're going to play you two songs. 
We're three brothers from New Jersey, and the funny thing is that, believe it or not, we are hooked on bluegrass and we're excited to play it for you tonight. 
(Music) (Applause) TM: Thank you, thank you. (Applause) 
Robbie Mizzone: Thank you. 
I'm Robbie Mizzone. I'm 13, and I play the fiddle. 
This is my brother, Jonny. He's 10, and he plays the banjo. 
And on guitar is my 14-year-old brother, Tommy. 
(Applause) We call ourselves the Sleepy Man Banjo Boys. 
(Music) (Applause) TM: Thank you. 
JM: Thank you all. 
TM: Thank you very much. 

I'm a man who's trying to live from his heart, and so just before I get going, I wanted to tell you as a South African that one of the men who has inspired me most passed away a few hours ago. 
Nelson Mandela has come to the end of his long walk to freedom. 
And so this talk is going to be for him. 
I grew up in wonder. 
I grew up amongst those animals. 
I grew up in the wild eastern part of South Africa at a place called Londolozi Game Reserve. 
It's a place where my family has been in the safari business for four generations. 
Now for as long as I can remember, my job has been to take people out into nature, and so I think it's a lovely twist of fate today to have the opportunity to bring some of my experiences out in nature in to this gathering. 
Africa is a place where people still sit under starlit skies and around campfires and tell stories, and so what I have to share with you today is the simple medicine of a few campfire stories, stories about heroes of heart. 
Now my stories are not the stories that you'll hear on the news, and while it's true that Africa is a harsh place, I also know it to be a place where people, animals and ecosystems teach us about a more interconnected world. 
When I was nine years old, President Mandela came to stay with my family. 
He had just been released from his 27 years of incarceration, and was in a period of readjustment to his sudden global icon status. 
Members of the African National Congress thought that in the bush he would have time to rest and recuperate away from the public eye, and it's true that lions tend to be a very good deterrent to press and paparazzi. 
(Laughter) But it was a defining time for me as a young boy. 
I would take him breakfast in bed, and then, in an old track suit and slippers, he would go for a walk around the garden. 
At night, I would sit with my family around the snowy, bunny-eared TV, and watch images of that same quiet man from the garden surrounded by hundreds and thousands of people as scenes from his release were broadcast nightly. 
He was bringing peace to a divided and violent South Africa, one man with an unbelievable sense of his humanity. 
Mandela said often that the gift of prison was the ability to go within and to think, to create in himself the things he most wanted for South Africa: peace, reconciliation, harmony. 
Through this act of immense open-heartedness, he was to become the embodiment of what in South Africa we call "" ubuntu. "" Ubuntu: I am because of you. 
Or, people are not people without other people. 
It's not a new idea or value but it's one that I certainly think at these times is worth building on. 
In fact, it is said that in the collective consciousness of Africa, we get to experience the deepest parts of our own humanity through our interactions with others. 
Ubuntu is at play right now. 
You are holding a space for me to express the deepest truth of who I am. 
Without you, I'm just a guy talking to an empty room, and I spent a lot of time last week doing that, and it's not the same as this. 
(Laughter) If Mandela was the national and international embodiment, then the man who taught me the most about this value personally was this man, Solly Mhlongo. 
Solly was born under a tree 60 kilometers from where I grew up in Mozambique. 
He would never have a lot of money, but he was to be one of the richest men I would ever meet. 
Solly grew up tending to his father's cattle. 
Now, I can tell you, I don't know what it is about people who grow up looking after cattle, but it makes for über-resourcefulness. 
The first job that he ever got in the safari business was fixing the safari trucks. 
Where he had learned to do that out in the bush I have no idea, but he could do it. 
He then moved across into what we called the habitat team. 
These were the people on the reserve who were responsible for its well-being. 
He fixed roads, he mended wetlands, he did some anti-poaching. 
And then one day we were out together, and he came across the tracks of where a female leopard had walked. 
And it was an old track, but for fun he turned and he began to follow it, and I tell you, I could tell by the speed at which he moved on those pad marks that this man was a Ph.D.-level tracker. 
If you drove past Solly somewhere out on the reserve, you look up in your rearview mirror, you'd see he'd stopped the car 20, 50 meters down the road just in case you need help with something. 
The only accusation I ever heard leveled at him was when one of our clients said, "Solly, you are pathologically helpful." 
(Laughter) When I started professionally guiding people out into this environment, Solly was my tracker. 
We worked together as a team. 
And the first guests we ever got were a philanthropy group from your East Coast, and they said to Solly, on the side, they said, "" Before we even go out to see lions and leopards, we want to see where you live. "" So we took them up to his house, and this visit of the philanthropist to his house coincided with a time when Solly's wife, who was learning English, was going through a phase where she would open the door by saying, "" Hello, I love you. 
Welcome, I love you. "" (Laughter) And there was something so beautifully African about it to me, this small house with a huge heart in it. 
Now on the day that Solly saved my life, he was already my hero. 
It was a hot day, and we found ourselves down by the river. 
Because of the heat, I took my shoes off, and I rolled up my pants, and I walked into the water. 
Solly remained on the bank. 
The water was clear running over sand, and we turned and we began to make our way upstream. 
And a few meters ahead of us, there was a place where a tree had fallen out of the bank, and its branches were touching the water, and it was shadowy. 
And if had been a horror movie, people in the audience would have started saying, "" Don't go in there. Don't go in there. "" (Laughter) And of course, the crocodile was in the shadows. 
Now the first thing that you notice when a crocodile hits you is the ferocity of the bite. 
Wham! It hits me by my right leg. 
It pulls me. It turns. I throw my hand up. I'm able to grab a branch. 
It's shaking me violently. 
It's a very strange sensation having another creature try and eat you, and there are few things that promote vegetarianism like that. 
(Laughter) Solly on the bank sees that I'm in trouble. 
He turns. He begins to make his way to me. 
The croc again continues to shake me. 
It goes to bite me a second time. 
I notice a slick of blood in the water around me that gets washed downstream. 
As it bites the second time, I kick. 
My foot goes down its throat. It spits me out. 
I pull myself up into the branches, and as I come out of the water, I look over my shoulder. 
My leg from the knee down is mangled beyond description. 
The bone is cracked. 
The meat is torn up. 
I make an instant decision that I'll never look at that again. 
As I come out of the water, Solly arrives at a deep section, a channel between us. 
He knows, he sees the state of my leg, he knows that between him and I there is a crocodile, and I can tell you this man doesn't slow down for one second. 
He comes straight into the channel. 
He wades in to above his waist. 
He gets to me. He grabs me. 
I'm still in a vulnerable position. 
He picks me and puts me on his shoulder. 
This is the other thing about Solly, he's freakishly strong. 
He turns. He walks me up the bank. 
He lays me down. He pulls his shirt off. 
He wraps it around my leg, picks me up a second time, walks me to a vehicle, and he's able to get me to medical attention. 
And I survive. 
Now — (Applause) Now I don't know how many people you know that go into a deep channel of water that they know has a crocodile in it to come and help you, but for Solly, it was as natural as breathing. 
And he is one amazing example of what I have experienced all over Africa. 
In a more collective society, we realize from the inside that our own well-being is deeply tied to the well-being of others. 
Danger is shared. Pain is shared. 
Joy is shared. Achievement is shared. 
Houses are shared. Food is shared. 
Ubuntu asks us to open our hearts and to share, and what Solly taught me that day is the essence of this value, his animated, empathetic action in every moment. 
Now although the root word is about people, I thought that maybe ubuntu was only about people. 
And then I met this young lady. 
Her name was Elvis. 
In fact, Solly gave her the name Elvis because he said she walked like she was doing the Elvis the pelvis dance. 
She was born with very badly deformed back legs and pelvis. 
She arrived at our reserve from a reserve east of us on her migratory route. 
When I first saw her, I thought she would be dead in a matter of days. 
And yet, for the next five years she returned in the winter months. 
And we would be so excited to be out in the bush and to come across this unusual track. 
It looked like an inverted bracket, and we would drop whatever we were doing and we would follow, and then we would come around the corner, and there she would be with her herd. 
And that outpouring of emotion from people on our safari trucks as they saw her, it was this sense of kinship. 
And it reminded me that even people who grow up in cities feel a natural connection with the natural world and with animals. 
And yet still I remained amazed that she was surviving. 
And then one day we came across them at this small water hole. 
It was sort of a hollow in the ground. 
And I watched as the matriarch drank, and then she turned in that beautiful slow motion of elephants, looks like the arm in motion, and she began to make her way up the steep bank. 
The rest of the herd turned and began to follow. 
And I watched young Elvis begin to psych herself up for the hill. 
She got visibly — ears came forward, she had a full go of it and halfway up, her legs gave way, and she fell backwards. 
She attempted it a second time, and again, halfway up, she fell backwards. 
And on the third attempt, an amazing thing happened. 
Halfway up the bank, a young teenage elephant came in behind her, and he propped his trunk underneath her, and he began to shovel her up the bank. 
And it occurred to me that the rest of the herd was in fact looking after this young elephant. 
The next day I watched again as the matriarch broke a branch and she would put it in her mouth, and then she would break a second one and drop it on the ground. 
And a consensus developed between all of us who were guiding people in that area that that herd was in fact moving slower to accommodate that elephant. 
What Elvis and the herd taught me caused me to expand my definition of ubuntu, and I believe that in the cathedral of the wild, we get to see the most beautiful parts of ourselves reflected back at us. 
And it is not only through other people that we get to experience our humanity but through all the creatures that live on this planet. 
If Africa has a gift to share, it's a gift of a more collective society. 
And while it's true that ubuntu is an African idea, what I see is the essence of that value being invented here. 
Thank you. 
(Applause) Pat Mitchell: So Boyd, we know that you knew President Mandela from early childhood and that you heard the news as we all did today, and deeply distraught and know the tragic loss that it is to the world. 
But I just wondered if you wanted to share any additional thoughts, because we know that you heard that news just before coming in to do this session. 
Boyd Varty: Well thanks, Pat. 
I'm so happy because it was time for him to pass on. 
He was suffering. 
And so of course there's the mixed emotions. 
But I just think of so many occurrences like the time he went on the Oprah show and asked her what the show would be about. 
(Laughter) And she was like, "" Well, it'll be about you. "" I mean, that's just incredible humility. (Laughter) 
He was the father of our nation and we've got a road to walk in South Africa. 
And everything, they used to call it Madiba magic. 
You know, he used to go to a rugby match and we would win. 
Anywhere he went, things went well. 
But I think that magic will be with us, and the important thing is that we carry what he stood for. 
And so that's what I'm going to try and do, and that's what people all over South Africa are trying to do. 
PM: And that's what you've done today. BV: Oh, thank you. 
PM: Thank you. BV: Thank you. Thanks very much. 
(Applause) 

Today I stand before you as a man who lives life to the full in the here and now. 
But for a long time, I lived for death. 
I was a young man who believed that jihad is to be understood in the language of force and violence. 
I tried to right wrongs through power and aggression. 
I had deep concerns for the suffering of others and a strong desire to help and bring relief to them. 
I thought violent jihad was noble, chivalrous and the best way to help. 
At a time when so many of our people — young people especially — are at risk of radicalization through groups like al-Qaeda, Islamic State and others, when these groups are claiming that their horrific brutality and violence are true jihad, I want to say that their idea of jihad is wrong — completely wrong — as was mine, then. 
Jihad means to strive to one's utmost. 
It includes exertion and spirituality, self-purification and devotion. 
It refers to positive transformation through learning, wisdom and remembrance of God. 
The word jihad stands for all those meanings as a whole. 
Jihad may at times take the form of fighting, but only sometimes, under strict conditions, within rules and limits. 
In Islam, the benefit of an act must outweigh the harm or hardship it entails. 
More importantly, the verses in the Koran that are connected to jihad or fighting do not cancel out the verses that talk about forgiveness, benevolence or patience. 
But now I believe that there are no circumstances on earth where violent jihad is permissible, because it will lead to greater harm. 
It has been perverted to mean violent struggle wherever Muslims are undergoing difficulties, and turned into terrorism by fascistic Islamists like al-Qaeda, Islamic State and others. 
But I have come to understand that true jihad means striving to the utmost to strengthen and live those qualities which God loves: honesty, trustworthiness, compassion, benevolence, reliability, respect, truthfulness — human values that so many of us share. 
I was born in Bangladesh, but grew up mostly in England. 
In 1971 we were in Bangladesh when everything changed. 
The War of Independence impacted upon us terribly, pitting family against family, neighbor against neighbor. 
And at the age of 12 I experienced war, destitution in my family, the deaths of 22 of my relatives in horrible ways, as well as the murder of my elder brother. 
animals feeding on corpses in the streets, starvation all around me, wanton, horrific violence — senseless violence. 
I was a young man, teenager, fascinated by ideas. 
I wanted to learn, but I could not go to school for four years. 
After the War of Independence, my father was put in prison for two and a half years, and I used to visit him every week in prison, and homeschooled myself. 
My father was released in 1973 and he fled to England as a refugee, and we soon followed him. 
I was 17. 
So these experiences gave me a sharp awareness of the atrocities and injustices in the world. 
And I had a strong desire — a very keen, deep desire — to right wrongs and help the victims of oppression. 
While studying at college in the UK, I met others who showed me how I could channel that desire and help through my religion. 
And I was radicalized — enough to consider violence correct, even a virtue under certain circumstances. 
So I became involved in the jihad in Afghanistan. 
I wanted to protect the Muslim Afghan population against the Soviet army. 
And I thought that was jihad: my sacred duty, which would be rewarded by God. 
I became a preacher. 
I recruited, I raised funds, I trained. 
I confused true jihad with this perversion as presented by the fascist Islamists — these people who use the idea of jihad to justify their lust for power, authority and control on earth: a perversion perpetuated today by fascist Islamist groups like al-Qaeda, Islamic State and others. 
For a period of around 15 years, I fought for short periods of time in Kashmir and Burma, besides Afghanistan. 
Our aim was to remove the invaders, to bring relief to the oppressed victims and of course to establish an Islamic state, a caliphate for God's rule. 
And I did this openly. 
I didn't break any laws. 
I was proud and grateful to be British — I still am. 
And I bore no hostility against this, my country, nor enmity towards the non-Muslim citizens, and I still don't. 
During one battle in Afghanistan, some British men and I formed a special bond with a 15-year-old Afghani boy, Abdullah, an innocent, loving and lovable kid who was always eager to please. 
He was poor. 
And boys like him did menial tasks in the camp. 
And he seemed happy enough, but I couldn't help wonder — his parents must have missed him dearly. 
And they must have dreamt about a better future for him. 
A victim of circumstance caught up in a war, cruelly thrust upon him by the cruel circumstances of the time. 
One day I picked up this unexploded mortar shell in a trench, and I had it deposited in a makeshift mud hut lab. 
And I went out on a short, pointless skirmish — always pointless, And I came back a few hours later to discover he was dead. 
He had tried to recover explosives from that shell. 
It exploded, and he died a violent death, blown to bits by the very same device that had proved harmless to me. 
So I started to question. 
How did his death serve any purpose? 
Why did he die and I lived? 
I carried on. 
I fought in Kashmir. 
I also recruited for the Philippines, Bosnia and Chechnya. 
And the questions grew. 
Later in Burma, I came across Rohingya fighters, who were barely teenagers, born and brought up in the jungle, carrying machine guns and grenade launchers. 
I met two 13-year-olds with soft manners and gentle voices. 
Looking at me, they begged me to take them away to England. 
They simply wanted to go to school — that was their dream. 
My family — my children of the same age — were living at home in the UK, going to school, living a safe life. 
And I couldn't help wonder how much these young boys must have spoken to one another about their dreams for such a life. 
Victims of circumstances: these two young boys, sleeping rough on the ground, looking up at the stars, cynically exploited by their leaders for their personal lust for glory and power. 
I soon witnessed boys like them killing one another in conflicts between rival groups. 
And it was the same everywhere... 
Afghanistan, Kashmir, Burma, Philippines, Chechnya; petty warlords got the young and vulnerable to kill one another in the name of jihad. 
Muslims against Muslims. 
Not protecting anyone against invaders or occupiers; not bringing relief to the oppressed. 
Children being used, cynically exploited; people dying in conflicts which I was supporting in the name of jihad. 
Realizing that the violent jihad I had engaged in abroad was so different — such a chasm between what I had experienced and what I thought was sacred duty — I had to reflect on my activities here in the UK. 
I had to consider my preaching, recruiting, fund-raising, training, but most importantly, radicalizing — sending young people to fight and die as I was doing — all totally wrong. 
So I got involved in violent jihad in the mid '80s, starting with Afghanistan. 
And by the time I finished it was in the year 2000. 
All around me people supported, applauded, even celebrated what we were doing in their name. 
But by the time I learned to get out, completely disillusioned in the year 2000, 15 years had passed. 
We were so busy talking about virtue, and we were blinded by a cause. 
And we did not give ourselves a chance to develop a virtuous character. 
We told ourselves we were fighting for the oppressed, but these were unwinnable wars. 
We became the very instrument through which more deaths occurred, complicit in causing further misery for the selfish benefit of the cruel few. 
So over time, a very long time, I opened my eyes. 
I began to dare to face the truth, to think, to face the hard questions. 
I got in touch with my soul. 
That people who engage in violent jihadism, that people who are drawn to these types of extremisms, are not that different to everyone else. 
But I believe such people can change. 
They can regain their hearts and restore them by filling them with human values that heal. 
When we ignore the realities, we discover that we accept what we are told without critical reflection. 
And we ignore the gifts and advantages that many of us would cherish even for a single moment in their lives. 
I engaged in actions I thought were correct. 
But now I began to question how I knew what I knew. 
I endlessly told others to accept the truth, but I failed to give doubt its rightful place. 
This conviction that people can change is rooted in my experience, my own journey. 
Through wide reading, reflecting, contemplation, self-knowledge, I discovered, I realized that Islamists' world of us and them is false and unjust. 
Through considering the uncertainties in all that we had asserted, to the inviolable truths, incontestable truths, I developed a more nuanced understanding. 
I realized that in a world crowded with variation and contradiction, foolish preachers, only foolish preachers like I used to be, see no paradox in the myths and fictions they use to assert authenticity. 
So I understood the vital importance of self-knowledge, political awareness and the necessity for a deep and wide understanding of our commitments and our actions, how they affect others. 
So my plea today to everyone, especially those who sincerely believe in Islamist jihadism... 
refuse dogmatic authority; let go of anger, hatred and violence; learn to right wrongs without even attempting to justify cruel, unjust and futile behavior. 
Instead create a few beautiful and useful things that outlive us. 
Approach the world, life, with love. 
Learn to develop or cultivate your hearts to see goodness, beauty and truth in others and in the world. 
That way we do matter more to ourselves... 
to each other, to our communities and, for me, to God. 
This is jihad — my true jihad. 
Thank you. 
(Applause) 

I have never, ever forgotten the words of my grandmother who died in her exile: "" Son, resist Gaddafi. Fight him. 
But don't you ever turn into a Gaddafi-like revolutionary. "" Almost two years have passed since the Libyan Revolution broke out, inspired by the waves of mass mobilization in both the Tunisian and the Egyptian revolutions. 
I joined forces with many other Libyans inside and outside Libya to call for a day of rage and to initiate a revolution against the tyrannical regime of Gaddafi. 
And there it was, a great revolution. 
Young Libyan women and men were at the forefront calling for the fall of the regime, raising slogans of freedom, dignity, social justice. 
They have shown an exemplary bravery in confronting the brutal dictatorship of Gaddafi. 
They have shown a great sense of solidarity from the far east to the far west to the south. 
Eventually, after a period of six months of brutal war and a toll rate of almost 50,000 dead, we managed to liberate our country and to topple the tyrant. 
(Applause) However, Gaddafi left behind a heavy burden, a legacy of tyranny, corruption and seeds of diversions. 
For four decades Gaddafi's tyrannical regime destroyed the infrastructure as well as the culture and the moral fabric of Libyan society. 
Aware of the devastation and the challenges, I was keen among many other women to rebuild the Libyan civil society, calling for an inclusive and just transition to democracy and national reconciliation. 
Almost 200 organizations were established in Benghazi during and immediately after the fall of Gaddafi — almost 300 in Tripoli. 
After a period of 33 years in exile, I went back to Libya, and with unique enthusiasm, I started organizing workshops on capacity building, on human development of leadership skills. 
With an amazing group of women, I co-founded the Libyan Women's Platform for Peace, a movement of women, leaders, from different walks of life, to lobby for the sociopolitical empowerment of women and to lobby for our right for equal participation in building democracy and peace. 
I met a very difficult environment in the pre-elections, an environment which was increasingly polarized, an environment which was shaped by the selfish politics of dominance and exclusion. 
I led an initiative by the Libyan Women's Platform for Peace to lobby for a more inclusive electoral law, a law that would give every citizen, no matter what your background, the right to vote and run, and most importantly to stipulate on political parties the alternation of male and female candidates vertically and horizontally in their lists, creating the zipper list. 
Eventually, our initiative was adopted and successful. 
Women won 17.5 percent of the National Congress in the first elections ever in 52 years. 
(Applause) However, bit by bit, the euphoria of the elections, and of the revolution as a whole, was fading out — for every day we were waking up to the news of violence. 
One day we wake up to the news of the desecration of ancient mosques and Sufi tombs. 
On another day we wake up to the news of the murder of the American ambassador and the attack on the consulate. On another day we wake up to the news 
of the assassination of army officers. 
And every day, every day we wake up with the rule of the militias and their continuous violations of human rights of prisoners and their disrespect of the rule of law. 
Our society, shaped by a revolutionary mindset, became more polarized and has driven away from the ideals and the principles — freedom, dignity, social justice — that we first held. 
Intolerance, exclusion and revenge became the icons of the [aftermath] of the revolution. 
I am here today not at all to inspire you with our success story of the zipper list and the elections. 
I'm rather here today to confess that we as a nation took the wrong choice, made the wrong decision. 
We did not prioritize right. 
For elections did not bring peace and stability and security in Libya. 
Did the zipper list and the alternation between female and male candidates bring peace and national reconciliation? 
No, it didn't. 
What is it, then? 
Why does our society continue to be polarized and dominated with selfish politics of dominance and exclusion, by both men and women? 
Maybe what was missing was not the women only, but the feminine values of compassion, mercy and inclusion. 
Our society needs national dialogue and consensus-building more than it needed the elections, which only reinforced polarization and division. 
Our society needs the qualitative representation of the feminine more than it needs the numerical, quantitative representation of the feminine. 
We need to stop acting as agents of rage and calling for days of rage. 
We need to start acting as agents of compassion and mercy. 
We need to develop a feminine discourse that not only honors but also implements mercy instead of revenge, collaboration instead of competition, inclusion instead of exclusion. 
These are the ideals that a war-torn Libya needs desperately in order to achieve peace. 
For peace has an alchemy, and this alchemy is about the intertwining, the alternation between the feminine and masculine perspectives. 
That's the real zipper. 
And we need to establish that existentially before we do so sociopolitically. 
According to a Quranic verse "Salam" — peace — "is the word of the all-merciful God, raheem." 
In turn, the word "" raheem, "" which is known in all Abrahamic traditions, has the same root in Arabic as the word "" rahem "" — womb — symbolizing the maternal feminine encompassing all humanity from which the male and the female, from which all tribes, all peoples, have emanated from. 
And so just as the womb entirely envelopes the embryo, which grows within it, the divine matrix of compassion nourishes the entire existence. 
Thus we are told that "" My mercy encompasses all things. "" Thus we are told that "" My mercy takes precedence over my anger. "" May we all be granted a grace of mercy. 
(Applause) Thank you. (Applause) 

I am in search of another planet in the universe where life exists. 
I can't see this planet with my naked eyes or even with the most powerful telescopes we currently possess. 
But I know that it's there. 
And understanding contradictions that occur in nature will help us find it. 
On our planet, where there's water, there's life. 
So we look for planets that orbit at just the right distance from their stars. 
At this distance, shown in blue on this diagram for stars of different temperatures, planets could be warm enough for water to flow on their surfaces as lakes and oceans where life might reside. 
Some astronomers focus their time and energy on finding planets at these distances from their stars. 
What I do picks up where their job ends. 
I model the possible climates of exoplanets. 
And here's why that's important: there are many factors besides distance from its star that control whether a planet can support life. 
Take the planet Venus. 
It's named after the Roman goddess of love and beauty, because of its benign, ethereal appearance in the sky. 
But spacecraft measurements revealed a different story. 
The surface temperature is close to 900 degrees Fahrenheit, 500 Celsius. 
That's hot enough to melt lead. 
Its thick atmosphere, not its distance from the sun, is the reason. 
It causes a greenhouse effect on steroids, trapping heat from the sun and scorching the planet's surface. 
The reality totally contradicted initial perceptions of this planet. 
From these lessons from our own solar system, we've learned that a planet's atmosphere is crucial to its climate and potential to host life. 
We don't know what the atmospheres of these planets are like because the planets are so small and dim compared to their stars and so far away from us. 
For example, one of the closest planets that could support surface water — it's called Gliese 667 Cc — such a glamorous name, right, nice phone number for a name — it's 23 light years away. 
So that's more than 100 trillion miles. 
Trying to measure the atmospheric composition of an exoplanet passing in front of its host star is hard. 
It's like trying to see a fruit fly passing in front of a car's headlight. 
OK, now imagine that car is 100 trillion miles away, and you want to know the precise color of that fly. 
So I use computer models to calculate the kind of atmosphere a planet would need to have a suitable climate for water and life. 
Here's an artist's concept of the planet Kepler-62f, with the Earth for reference. 
It's 1,200 light years away, and just 40 percent larger than Earth. 
Our NSF-funded work found that it could be warm enough for open water from many types of atmospheres and orientations of its orbit. 
So I'd like future telescopes to follow up on this planet to look for signs of life. 
Ice on a planet's surface is also important for climate. 
Ice absorbs longer, redder wavelengths of light, and reflects shorter, bluer light. 
That's why the iceberg in this photo looks so blue. 
The redder light from the sun is absorbed on its way through the ice. 
Only the blue light makes it all the way to the bottom. 
Then it gets reflected back to up to our eyes and we see blue ice. 
My models show that planets orbiting cooler stars could actually be warmer than planets orbiting hotter stars. 
There's another contradiction — that ice absorbs the longer wavelength light from cooler stars, and that light, that energy, heats the ice. 
Using climate models to explore how these contradictions can affect planetary climate is vital to the search for life elsewhere. 
And it's no surprise that this is my specialty. 
I'm an African-American female astronomer and a classically trained actor who loves to wear makeup and read fashion magazines, so I am uniquely positioned to appreciate contradictions in nature — (Laughter) (Applause)... and how they can inform our search for the next planet where life exists. 
My organization, Rising Stargirls, teaches astronomy to middle-school girls of color, using theater, writing and visual art. 
That's another contradiction — science and art don't often go together, but interweaving them can help these girls bring their whole selves to what they learn, and maybe one day join the ranks of astronomers who are full of contradictions, and use their backgrounds to discover, once and for all, that we are truly not alone in the universe. 
Thank you. 
(Applause) 

Sleep. 
It's something we spend about a third of our lives doing, but do any of us really understand what it's all about? 
Two thousand years ago, Galen, one of the most prominent medical researchers of the ancient world, proposed that while we're awake, our brain's motive force, its juice, would flow out to all the other parts of the body, animating them but leaving the brain all dried up, and he thought that when we sleep, all this moisture that filled the rest of the body would come rushing back, rehydrating the brain and refreshing the mind. 
Now, that sounds completely ridiculous to us now, but Galen was simply trying to explain something about sleep that we all deal with every day. 
See, we all know based on our own experience that when you sleep, it clears your mind, and when you don't sleep, it leaves your mind murky. 
But while we know a great deal more about sleep now than when Galen was around, we still haven't understood why it is that sleep, of all of our activities, has this incredible restorative function for the mind. 
So today I want to tell you about some recent research that may shed new light on this question. 
We've found that sleep may actually be a kind of elegant design solution to some of the brain's most basic needs, a unique way that the brain meets the high demands and the narrow margins that set it apart from all the other organs of the body. 
So almost all the biology that we observe can be thought of as a series of problems and their corresponding solutions, and the first problem that every organ must solve is a continuous supply of nutrients to fuel all those cells of the body. 
In the brain, that is especially critical; its intense electrical activity uses up a quarter of the body's entire energy supply, even though the brain accounts for only about two percent of the body's mass. 
So the circulatory system solves the nutrient delivery problem by sending blood vessels to supply nutrients and oxygen to every corner of our body. 
You can actually see it in this video here. 
Here, we're imaging blood vessels in the brain of a living mouse. 
The blood vessels form a complex network that fills the entire brain volume. 
They start at the surface of the brain, and then they dive down into the tissue itself, and as they spread out, they supply nutrients and oxygen to each and every cell in the brain. 
Now, just as every cell requires nutrients to fuel it, every cell also produces waste as a byproduct, and the clearance of that waste is the second basic problem that each organ has to solve. 
This diagram shows the body's lymphatic system, which has evolved to meet this need. 
It's a second parallel network of vessels that extends throughout the body. 
It takes up proteins and other waste from the spaces between the cells, it collects them, and then dumps them into the blood so they can be disposed of. 
But if you look really closely at this diagram, you'll see something that doesn't make a lot of sense. 
So if we were to zoom into this guy's head, one of the things that you would see there is that there are no lymphatic vessels in the brain. 
But that doesn't make a lot of sense, does it? 
I mean, the brain is this intensely active organ that produces a correspondingly large amount of waste that must be efficiently cleared. 
And yet, it lacks lymphatic vessels, which means that the approach that the rest of the body takes to clearing away its waste won't work in the brain. 
So how, then, does the brain solve its waste clearance problem? 
Well, that seemingly mundane question is where our group first jumped into this story, and what we found as we dove down into the brain, down among the neurons and the blood vessels, was that the brain's solution to the problem of waste clearance, it was really unexpected. 
It was ingenious, but it was also beautiful. 
Let me tell you about what we found. 
So the brain has this large pool of clean, clear fluid called cerebrospinal fluid. 
We call it the CSF. 
The CSF fills the space that surrounds the brain, and wastes from inside the brain make their way out to the CSF, which gets dumped, along with the waste, into the blood. 
So in that way, it sounds a lot like the lymphatic system, doesn't it? 
But what's interesting is that the fluid and the waste from inside the brain, they don't just percolate their way randomly out to these pools of CSF. 
Instead, there is a specialized network of plumbing that organizes and facilitates this process. 
You can see that in these videos. 
Here, we're again imaging into the brain of living mice. 
The frame on your left shows what's happening at the brain's surface, and the frame on your right shows what's happening down below the surface of the brain within the tissue itself. 
We've labeled the blood vessels in red, and the CSF that's surrounding the brain will be in green. 
Now, what was surprising to us was that the fluid on the outside of the brain, it didn't stay on the outside. 
Instead, the CSF was pumped back into and through the brain along the outsides of the blood vessels, and as it flushed down into the brain along the outsides of these vessels, it was actually helping to clear away, to clean the waste from the spaces between the brain's cells. 
If you think about it, using the outsides of these blood vessels like this is a really clever design solution, because the brain is enclosed in a rigid skull and it's packed full of cells, so there is no extra space inside it for a whole second set of vessels like the lymphatic system. 
Yet the blood vessels, they extend from the surface of the brain down to reach every single cell in the brain, which means that fluid that's traveling along the outsides of these vessels can gain easy access to the entire brain's volume, so it's actually this really clever way to repurpose one set of vessels, the blood vessels, to take over and replace the function of a second set of vessels, the lymphatic vessels, to make it so you don't need them. 
And what's amazing is that no other organ takes quite this approach to clearing away the waste from between its cells. 
This is a solution that is entirely unique to the brain. 
But our most surprising finding was that all of this, everything I just told you about, with all this fluid rushing through the brain, it's only happening in the sleeping brain. 
Here, the video on the left shows how much of the CSF is moving through the brain of a living mouse while it's awake. 
It's almost nothing. 
Yet in the same animal, if we wait just a little while until it's gone to sleep, what we see is that the CSF is rushing through the brain, and we discovered that at the same time when the brain goes to sleep, the brain cells themselves seem to shrink, opening up spaces in between them, allowing fluid to rush through and allowing waste to be cleared out. 
So it seems that Galen may actually have been sort of on the right track when he wrote about fluid rushing through the brain when sleep came on. 
Our own research, now it's 2,000 years later, suggests that what's happening is that when the brain is awake and is at its most busy, it puts off clearing away the waste from the spaces between its cells until later, and then, when it goes to sleep and doesn't have to be as busy, it shifts into a kind of cleaning mode to clear away the waste from the spaces between its cells, the waste that's accumulated throughout the day. 
So it's actually a little bit like how you or I, we put off our household chores during the work week when we don't have time to get to it, and then we play catch up on all the cleaning that we have to do when the weekend rolls around. 
Now, I've just talked a lot about waste clearance, but I haven't been very specific about the kinds of waste that the brain needs to be clearing during sleep in order to stay healthy. 
The waste product that these recent studies focused most on is amyloid-beta, which is a protein that's made in the brain all the time. 
My brain's making amyloid-beta right now, and so is yours. 
But in patients with Alzheimer's disease, amyloid-beta builds up and aggregates in the spaces between the brain's cells, instead of being cleared away like it's supposed to be, and it's this buildup of amyloid-beta that's thought to be one of the key steps in the development of that terrible disease. 
So we measured how fast amyloid-beta is cleared from the brain when it's awake versus when it's asleep, and we found that indeed, the clearance of amyloid-beta is much more rapid from the sleeping brain. 
So if sleep, then, is part of the brain's solution to the problem of waste clearance, then this may dramatically change how we think about the relationship between sleep, amyloid-beta, and Alzheimer's disease. 
A series of recent clinical studies suggest that among patients who haven't yet developed Alzheimer's disease, worsening sleep quality and sleep duration are associated with a greater amount of amyloid-beta building up in the brain, and while it's important to point out that these studies don't prove that lack of sleep or poor sleep cause Alzheimer's disease, they do suggest that the failure of the brain to keep its house clean by clearing away waste like amyloid-beta may contribute to the development of conditions like Alzheimer's. 
So what this new research tells us, then, is that the one thing that all of you already knew about sleep, that even Galen understood about sleep, that it refreshes and clears the mind, may actually be a big part of what sleep is all about. 
See, you and I, we go to sleep every single night, but our brains, they never rest. 
While our body is still and our mind is off walking in dreams somewhere, the elegant machinery of the brain is quietly hard at work cleaning and maintaining this unimaginably complex machine. 
Like our housework, it's a dirty and a thankless job, but it's also important. 
In your house, if you stop cleaning your kitchen for a month, your home will become completely unlivable very quickly. 
But in the brain, the consequences of falling behind may be much greater than the embarrassment of dirty countertops, because when it comes to cleaning the brain, it is the very health and function of the mind and the body that's at stake, which is why understanding these very basic housekeeping functions of the brain today may be critical for preventing and treating diseases of the mind tomorrow. 
Thank you. 
(Applause) 

I have the answer to a question that we've all asked. 
The question is, Why is it that the letter X represents the unknown? 
Now I know we learned that in math class, but now it's everywhere in the culture — The X prize, the X-Files, Project X, TEDx. 
Where'd that come from? 
About six years ago I decided that I would learn Arabic, which turns out to be a supremely logical language. 
To write a word or a phrase or a sentence in Arabic is like crafting an equation, because every part is extremely precise and carries a lot of information. 
That's one of the reasons so much of what we've come to think of as Western science and mathematics and engineering was really worked out in the first few centuries of the Common Era by the Persians and the Arabs and the Turks. 
This includes the little system in Arabic called al-jebra. 
And al-jebr roughly translates to "the system for reconciling disparate parts." 
Al-jebr finally came into English as algebra. 
One example among many. 
The Arabic texts containing this mathematical wisdom finally made their way to Europe — which is to say Spain — in the 11th and 12th centuries. 
And when they arrived there was tremendous interest in translating this wisdom into a European language. 
But there were problems. 
One problem is there are some sounds in Arabic that just don't make it through a European voice box without lots of practice. 
Trust me on that one. 
Also, those very sounds tend not to be represented by the characters that are available in European languages. 
Here's one of the culprits. 
This is the letter SHeen, and it makes the sound we think of as SH — "" sh. "" It's also the very first letter of the word shalan, which means "" something "" just like the the English word "" something "" — some undefined, unknown thing. 
Now in Arabic, we can make this definite by adding the definite article "" al. "" So this is al-shalan — the unknown thing. 
And this is a word that appears throughout early mathematics, such as this 10th century derivation of proofs. 
The problem for the Medieval Spanish scholars who were tasked with translating this material is that the letter SHeen and the word shalan can't be rendered into Spanish because Spanish doesn't have that SH, that "" sh "" sound. 
So by convention, they created a rule in which they borrowed the CK sound, "" ck "" sound, from the classical Greek in the form of the letter Kai. 
Later when this material was translated into a common European language, which is to say Latin, they simply replaced the Greek Kai with the Latin X. 
And once that happened, once this material was in Latin, it formed the basis for mathematics textbooks for almost 600 years. 
But now we have the answer to our question. 
Why is it that X is the unknown? X is the unknown 
because you can't say "" sh "" in Spanish. 
(Laughter) And I thought that was worth sharing. 
(Applause) 

It was less than a year after September 11, and I was at the Chicago Tribune writing about shootings and murders, and it was leaving me feeling pretty dark and depressed. 
I thought it would be a safe way to do something positive, but of course I have the absolute worst luck ever, and we were all arrested. 
Police took this blurry photo of me holding leaflets as evidence. 
My charges were dismissed, but a few weeks later, two FBI agents knocked on my door, and they told me that unless I helped them by spying on protest groups, they would put me on a domestic terrorist list. 
I'd love to tell you that I didn't flinch, but I was terrified, and when my fear subsided, I became obsessed with finding out how this happened, how animal rights and environmental activists who have never injured anyone could become the FBI's number one domestic terrorism threat. 
A few years later, I was invited to testify before Congress about my reporting, and I told lawmakers that, while everybody is talking about going green, some people are risking their lives to defend forests and to stop oil pipelines. 
These are everyday people, like these protesters in Italy who spontaneously climbed over barbed wire fences to rescue beagles from animal testing. 
And these movements have been incredibly effective and popular, so in 1985, their opponents made up a new word, eco-terrorist, to shift how we view them. 
They just made it up. 
Now these companies have backed new laws like the Animal Enterprise Terrorism Act, which turns activism into terrorism if it causes a loss of profits. 
Now most people never even heard about this law, including members of Congress. 
Less than one percent were in the room when it passed the House. 
The rest were outside at a new memorial. 
They were praising Dr. King as his style of activism was branded as terrorism if done in the name of animals or the environment. 
Supporters say laws like this are needed for the extremists: the vandals, the arsonists, the radicals. 
But right now, companies like TransCanada are briefing police in presentations like this one about how to prosecute nonviolent protesters as terrorists. 
The FBI's training documents on eco-terrorism are not about violence, they're about public relations. 
Today, in multiple countries, corporations are pushing new laws that make it illegal to photograph animal cruelty on their farms. 
The latest was in Idaho just two weeks ago, and today we released a lawsuit challenging it as unconstitutional as a threat to journalism. 
The first of these ag-gag prosecutions, as they're called, was a young woman named Amy Meyer, and Amy saw a sick cow being moved by a bulldozer outside of a slaughterhouse as she was on the public street. 
And Amy did what any of us would: She filmed it. 
When I found out about her story, I wrote about it, and within 24 hours, it created such an uproar that the prosecutors just dropped all the charges. 
But apparently, even exposing stuff like that is a threat. 
Through the Freedom of Information Act, I learned that the counter-terrorism unit has been monitoring my articles and speeches like this one. 
They even included this nice little write-up of my book. 
They described it as "" compelling and well-written. "" (Applause) Blurb on the next book, right? 
The point of all of this is to make us afraid, but as a journalist, I have an unwavering faith in the power of education. 
Our best weapon is sunlight. 
Dostoevsky wrote that the whole work of man is to prove he's a man and not a piano key. 
Over and over throughout history, people in power have used fear to silence the truth and to silence dissent. 
It's time we strike a new note. 
Thank you. 
(Applause) 

I am a reformed marketer, and I now work in international development. 
In October, I spent some time in the Democratic Republic of Congo, which is the [second] largest country in Africa. 
In fact, it's as large as Western Europe, but it only has 300 miles of paved roads. 
The DRC is a dangerous place. 
In the past 10 years, five million people have died due to a war in the east. 
But war isn't the only reason that life is difficult in the DRC. 
There are many health issues as well. 
In fact, the HIV prevalence rate is 1.3 percent among adults. 
This might not sound like a large number, but in a country with 76 million people, it means there are 930,000 that are infected. 
And due to the poor infrastructure, only 25 percent of those are receiving the life-saving drugs that they need. 
Which is why, in part, donor agencies provide condoms at low or no cost. 
And so while I was in the DRC, I spent a lot of time talking to people about condoms, including Damien. 
Damien runs a hotel outside of Kinshasa. 
It's a hotel that's only open until midnight, so it's not a place that you stay. 
But it is a place where sex workers and their clients come. 
Now Damien knows all about condoms, but he doesn't sell them. 
He said there's just not in demand. 
It's not surprising, because only three percent of people in the DRC use condoms. 
Joseph and Christine, who run a pharmacy where they sell a number of these condoms, said despite the fact that donor agencies provide them at low or no cost, and they have marketing campaigns that go along with them, their customers don't buy the branded versions. 
They like the generics. 
And as a marketer, I found that curious. 
And so I started to look at what the marketing looked like. 
And it turns out that there are three main messages used by the donor agencies for these condoms: fear, financing and fidelity. 
They name the condoms things like Vive, "" to live "" or Trust. 
They package it with the red ribbon that reminds us of HIV, put it in boxes that remind you who paid for them, show pictures of your wife or husband and tell you to protect them or to act prudently. 
Now these are not the kinds of things that someone is thinking about just before they go get a condom. 
(Laughter) What is it that you think about just before you get a condom? 
Sex! 
And the private companies that sell condoms in these places, they understand this. 
Their marketing is slightly different. 
The name might not be much different, but the imagery sure is. 
Some brands are aspirational, and certainly the packaging is incredibly provocative. 
And this made me think that perhaps the donor agencies had just missed out on a key aspect of marketing: understanding who's the audience. 
And for donor agencies, unfortunately, the audience tends to be people that aren't even in the country they're working [in]. 
It's people back home, people that support their work, people like these. 
But if what we're really trying to do is stop the spread of HIV, we need to think about the customer, the people whose behavior needs to change — the couples, the young women, the young men — whose lives depend on it. 
And so the lesson is this: it doesn't really matter what you're selling; you just have to think about who is your customer, and what are the messages that are going to get them to change their behavior. 
It might just save their lives. 
Thank you. 
(Applause) 

I'm a blogger, a filmmaker and a butcher, and I'll explain how these identities come together. 
It started four years ago, when a friend and I opened our first Ramadan fast at one of the busiest mosques in New York City. 
Crowds of men with beards and skullcaps were swarming the streets. 
It was an FBI agent's wet dream. (Laughter) But being a part of this community, we knew how welcoming this space was. 
For years, I'd seen photos of this space being documented as a lifeless and cold monolith, much like the stereotypical image painted of the American Muslim experience. 
Frustrated by this myopic view, my friend and I had this crazy idea: Let's break our fast at a different mosque in a different state each night of Ramadan and share those stories on a blog. 
We called it "" 30 Mosques in 30 Days, "" and we drove to all the 50 states and shared stories from over 100 vastly different Muslim communities, ranging from the Cambodian refugees in the L.A. projects to the black Sufis living in the woods of South Carolina. 
What emerged was a beautiful and complicated portrait of America. 
The media coverage forced local journalists to revisit their Muslim communities, but what was really exciting was seeing people from around the world being inspired to take their own 30-mosque journey. 
There were even these two NFL athletes who took a sabbatical from the league to do so. 
And as 30 Mosques was blossoming around the world, I was actually stuck in Pakistan working on a film. 
My codirector, Omar, and I were at a breaking point with many of our friends on how to position the film. 
The movie is called "" These Birds Walk, "" and it is about wayward street kids who are struggling to find some semblance of family. 
We focus on the complexities of youth and family discord, but our friends kept on nudging us to comment on drones and target killings to make the film "" more relevant, "" essentially reducing these people who have entrusted us with their stories into sociopolitical symbols. 
Of course, we didn't listen to them, and instead, we championed the tender gestures of love and headlong flashes of youth. 
The agenda behind our cinematic immersion was only empathy, an emotion that's largely deficient from films that come from our region of the world. 
And as "" These Birds Walk "" played at film festivals and theaters internationally, I finally had my feet planted at home in New York, and with all the extra time and still no real money, my wife tasked me to cook more for us. 
And whenever I'd go to the local butcher to purchase some halal meat, something felt off. 
For those that don't know, halal is a term used for meat that is raised and slaughtered humanely following very strict Islamic guidelines. 
Unfortunately, the majority of halal meat in America doesn't rise to the standard that my faith calls for. 
The more I learned about these unethical practices, the more violated I felt, particularly because businesses from my own community were the ones taking advantage of my orthodoxy. 
So, with emotions running high, and absolutely no experience in butchery, some friends and I opened a meat store in the heart of the East Village fashion district. 
(Laughter) We call it Honest Chops, and we're reclaiming halal by sourcing organic, humanely raised animals, and by making it accessible and affordable to working-class families. 
There's really nothing like it in America. 
The unbelievable part is actually that 90 percent of our in-store customers are not even Muslim. 
For many, it is their first time interacting with Islam on such an intimate level. 
So all these disparate projects — (Laughter) — are the result of a restlessness. 
They are a visceral response to the businesses and curators who work hard to oversimplify my beliefs and my community, and the only way to beat their machine is to play by different rules. 
We must fight with an inventive approach. 
With the trust, with the access, with the love that only we can bring, we must unapologetically reclaim our beliefs in every moving image, in every cut of meat, because if we whitewash our stories for the sake of mass appeal, not only will we fail, but we will be trumped by those with more money and more resources to tell our stories. 
But the call for creative courage is not for novelty or relevance. 
It is simply because our communities are so damn unique and so damn beautiful. 
They demand us to find uncompromising ways to be acknowledged and respected. 
Thank you. 
(Applause) 

Here's a question we need to rethink together: What should be the role of money and markets in our societies? 
Today, there are very few things that money can't buy. 
If you're sentenced to a jail term in Santa Barbara, California, you should know that if you don't like the standard accommodations, you can buy a prison cell upgrade. 
It's true. For how much, do you think? 
What would you guess? 
Five hundred dollars? 
It's not the Ritz-Carlton. It's a jail! 
Eighty-two dollars a night. Eighty-two dollars a night. 
If you go to an amusement park 
and don't want to stand in the long lines for the popular rides, there is now a solution. 
In many theme parks, you can pay extra to jump to the head of the line. 
They call them Fast Track or VIP tickets. 
And this isn't only happening in amusement parks. 
In Washington, D.C., long lines, queues sometimes form for important Congressional hearings. 
Now some people don't like to wait in long queues, maybe overnight, even in the rain. 
So now, for lobbyists and others who are very keen to attend these hearings but don't like to wait, there are companies, line-standing companies, and you can go to them. 
You can pay them a certain amount of money, they hire homeless people and others who need a job to stand waiting in the line for as long as it takes, and the lobbyist, just before the hearing begins, can take his or her place at the head of the line and a seat in the front of the room. 
Paid line standing. 
It's happening, the recourse to market mechanisms and market thinking and market solutions, in bigger arenas. 
Take the way we fight our wars. 
Did you know that, in Iraq and Afghanistan, there were more private military contractors on the ground than there were U.S. military troops? 
Now this isn't because we had a public debate about whether we wanted to outsource war to private companies, but this is what has happened. 
Over the past three decades, we have lived through a quiet revolution. 
We've drifted almost without realizing it from having a market economy to becoming market societies. 
The difference is this: A market economy is a tool, a valuable and effective tool, for organizing productive activity, but a market society is a place where almost everything is up for sale. 
It's a way of life, in which market thinking and market values begin to dominate every aspect of life: personal relations, family life, health, education, politics, law, civic life. 
Now, why worry? Why worry about our becoming market societies? 
For two reasons, I think. 
One of them has to do with inequality. 
The more things money can buy, the more affluence, or the lack of it, matters. 
If the only thing that money determined was access to yachts or fancy vacations or BMWs, then inequality wouldn't matter very much. 
But when money comes increasingly to govern access to the essentials of the good life — decent health care, access to the best education, political voice and influence in campaigns — when money comes to govern all of those things, inequality matters a great deal. 
And so the marketization of everything sharpens the sting of inequality and its social and civic consequence. 
That's one reason to worry. 
There's a second reason apart from the worry about inequality, and it's this: with some social goods and practices, when market thinking and market values enter, they may change the meaning of those practices and crowd out attitudes and norms worth caring about. 
I'd like to take an example of a controversial use of a market mechanism, a cash incentive, and see what you think about it. 
Many schools struggle with the challenge of motivating kids, especially kids from disadvantaged backgrounds, to study hard, to do well in school, to apply themselves. 
Some economists have proposed a market solution: Offer cash incentives to kids for getting good grades or high test scores or for reading books. 
They've tried this, actually. 
They've done some experiments in some major American cities. 
In New York, in Chicago, in Washington, D.C., they've tried this, offering 50 dollars for an A, 35 dollars for a B. 
In Dallas, Texas, they have a program that offers eight-year-olds two dollars for each book they read. 
So let's see what — Some people are in favor, some people are opposed to this cash incentive to motivate achievement. 
Let's see what people here think about it. 
Imagine that you are the head of a major school system, and someone comes to you with this proposal. 
And let's say it's a foundation. They will provide the funds. 
You don't have to take it out of your budget. 
How many would be in favor and how many would be opposed to giving it a try? 
Let's see by a show of hands. 
First, how many think it might at least be worth a try to see if it would work? Raise your hand. 
And how many would be opposed? How many would — So the majority here are opposed, but a sizable minority are in favor. 
Let's have a discussion. 
Let's start with those of you who object, who would rule it out even before trying. 
What would be your reason? 
Who will get our discussion started? Yes? 
Heike Moses: Hello everyone, I'm Heike, and I think it just kills the intrinsic motivation, so in the respect that children, if they would like to read, you just take this incentive away in just paying them, so it just changes behavior. 
Michael Sandel: Takes the intrinsic incentive away. 
What is, or should be, the intrinsic motivation? 
HM: Well, the intrinsic motivation should be to learn. 
MS: To learn. HM: To get to know the world. 
And then, if you stop paying them, what happens then? 
Then they stop reading? 
MS: Now, let's see if there's someone who favors, who thinks it's worth trying this. 
Elizabeth Loftus: I'm Elizabeth Loftus, and you said worth a try, so why not try it and do the experiment and measure things? 
MS: And measure. And what would you measure? 
You'd measure how many — EL: How many books they read and how many books they continued to read after you stopped paying them. 
MS: Oh, after you stopped paying. 
All right, what about that? 
HM: To be frank, I just think this is, not to offend anyone, a very American way. 
(Laughter) (Applause) MS: All right. What's emerged from this discussion is the following question: Will the cash incentive drive out or corrupt or crowd out the higher motivation, the intrinsic lesson that we hope to convey, which is to learn to love to learn and to read for their own sakes? 
And people disagree about what the effect will be, but that seems to be the question, that somehow a market mechanism or a cash incentive teaches the wrong lesson, and if it does, what will become of these children later? 
I should tell you what's happened with these experiments. 
The cash for good grades has had very mixed results, for the most part has not resulted in higher grades. 
The two dollars for each book did lead those kids to read more books. 
It also led them to read shorter books. 
(Laughter) But the real question is, what will become of these kids later? 
Will they have learned that reading is a chore, a form of piecework to be done for pay, that's the worry, or may it lead them to read maybe for the wrong reason initially but then lead them to fall in love with reading for its own sake? 
Now, what this, even this brief debate, brings out is something that many economists overlook. 
Economists often assume that markets are inert, that they do not touch or taint the goods they exchange. 
Market exchange, they assume, doesn't change the meaning or value of the goods being exchanged. 
This may be true enough if we're talking about material goods. 
If you sell me a flat screen television or give me one as a gift, it will be the same good. 
It will work the same either way. 
But the same may not be true if we're talking about nonmaterial goods and social practices such as teaching and learning or engaging together in civic life. 
In those domains, bringing market mechanisms and cash incentives may undermine or crowd out nonmarket values and attitudes worth caring about. 
Once we see that markets and commerce, when extended beyond the material domain, can change the character of the goods themselves, can change the meaning of the social practices, as in the example of teaching and learning, we have to ask where markets belong and where they don't, where they may actually undermine values and attitudes worth caring about. 
But to have this debate, we have to do something we're not very good at, and that is to reason together in public about the value and the meaning of the social practices we prize, from our bodies to family life to personal relations to health to teaching and learning to civic life. 
Now these are controversial questions, and so we tend to shrink from them. 
In fact, during the past three decades, when market reasoning and market thinking have gathered force and gained prestige, our public discourse during this time has become hollowed out, empty of larger moral meaning. 
For fear of disagreement, we shrink from these questions. 
But once we see that markets change the character of goods, we have to debate among ourselves these bigger questions about how to value goods. 
One of the most corrosive effects of putting a price on everything is on commonality, the sense that we are all in it together. 
Against the background of rising inequality, marketizing every aspect of life leads to a condition where those who are affluent and those who are of modest means increasingly live separate lives. 
We live and work and shop and play in different places. 
Our children go to different schools. 
This isn't good for democracy, nor is it a satisfying way to live, even for those of us who can afford to buy our way to the head of the line. 
Here's why. 
Democracy does not require perfect equality, but what it does require is that citizens share in a common life. 
What matters is that people of different social backgrounds and different walks of life encounter one another, bump up against one another in the ordinary course of life, because this is what teaches us to negotiate and to abide our differences. 
And this is how we come to care for the common good. 
And so, in the end, the question of markets is not mainly an economic question. 
It's really a question of how we want to live together. 
Do we want a society where everything is up for sale, or are there certain moral and civic goods that markets do not honor and money cannot buy? 
Thank you very much. 
(Applause) 

Doesn't it feel good to say it out loud? 
1926: Kurt Lewin, founder of social psychology, called this "" substitution. "" 1933: Wera Mahler found when it was acknowledged by others, it felt real in the mind. 
1982, Peter Gollwitzer wrote a whole book about this, and in 2009, he did some new tests that were published. 
Now, those who kept their mouths shut worked the entire 45 minutes on average, and when asked afterward, said that they felt that they had a long way to go still to achieve their goal. 
But those who had announced it quit after only 33 minutes, on average, and when asked afterward, said that they felt much closer to achieving their goal. 
You can delay the gratification that the social acknowledgment brings, and you can understand that your mind mistakes the talking for the doing. 
(Laughter) (Applause) 

I have a tough job to do. 
You know, when I looked at the profile of the audience here, with their connotations and design, in all its forms, and with so much and so many people working on collaborative and networks, and so on, that I wanted to tell you, I wanted to build an argument for primary education in a very specific context. 
In order to do that in 20 minutes, I have to bring out four ideas — it's like four pieces of a puzzle. 
And if I succeed in doing that, maybe you would go back with the thought that you could build on, and perhaps help me do my work. 
The first piece of the puzzle is remoteness and the quality of education. 
Now, by remoteness, I mean two or three different kinds of things. 
Of course, remoteness in its normal sense, which means that as you go further and further away from an urban center, you get to remoter areas. 
What happens to education? 
The second, or a different kind of remoteness is that within the large metropolitan areas all over the world, you have pockets, like slums, or shantytowns, or poorer areas, which are socially and economically remote from the rest of the city, so it's us and them. 
What happens to education in that context? 
So keep both of those ideas of remoteness. 
We made a guess. The guess was that schools in remote areas do not have good enough teachers. 
If they do have, they cannot retain those teachers. 
They do not have good enough infrastructure. 
And if they had some infrastructure, they have difficulty maintaining it. 
But I wanted to check if this is true. So what I did last year was we hired a car, looked up on Google, found a route into northern India from New Delhi which, you know, which did not cross any big cities or any big metropolitan centers. Drove out about 300 kilometers, and wherever we found a school, administered a set of standard tests, and then took those test results and plotted them on a graph. 
The graph was interesting, although you need to consider it carefully. 
I mean, this is a very small sample; you should not generalize from it. 
But it was quite obvious, quite clear, that for this particular route that I had taken, the remoter the school was, the worse its results seemed to be. 
That seemed a little damning, and I tried to correlate it with things like infrastructure, or with the availability of electricity, and things like that. 
To my surprise, it did not correlate. 
It did not correlate with the size of classrooms. 
It did not correlate with the quality of the infrastructure. 
It did not correlate with the poverty levels. It did not correlate. 
But what happened was that when I administered a questionnaire to each of these schools, with one single question for the teachers — which was, "" Would you like to move to an urban, metropolitan area? "" — 69 percent of them said yes. And as you can see from that, they say yes just a little bit out of Delhi, and they say no when you hit the rich suburbs of Delhi — because, you know, those are relatively better off areas — and then from 200 kilometers out of Delhi, the answer is consistently yes. 
I would imagine that a teacher who comes or walks into class every day thinking that, I wish I was in some other school, probably has a deep impact on what happens to the results. 
So it looked as though teacher motivation and teacher migration was a powerfully correlated thing with what was happening in primary schools, as opposed to whether the children have enough to eat, and whether they are packed tightly into classrooms and that sort of thing. It appears that way. 
When you take education and technology, then I find in the literature that, you know, things like websites, collaborative environments — you've been listening to all that in the morning — it's always piloted first in the best schools, the best urban schools, and, according to me, biases the result. 
The literature — one part of it, the scientific literature — consistently blames ET as being over-hyped and under-performing. 
The teachers always say, well, it's fine, but it's too expensive for what it does. 
Because it's being piloted in a school where the students are already getting, let's say, 80 percent of whatever they could do. 
You put in this new super-duper technology, and now they get 83 percent. 
So the principal looks at it and says, 3 percent for 300,000 dollars? Forget it. 
If you took the same technology and piloted it into one of those remote schools, where the score was 30 percent, and, let's say, took that up to 40 percent — that will be a completely different thing. 
So the relative change that ET, Educational Technology, would make, would be far greater at the bottom of the pyramid than at the top, but we seem to be doing it the other way about. 
So I came to this conclusion that ET should reach the underprivileged first, not the other way about. 
And finally came the question of, how do you tackle teacher perception? 
Whenever you go to a teacher and show them some technology, the teacher's first reaction is, you cannot replace a teacher with a machine — it's impossible. 
I don't know why it's impossible, but, even for a moment, if you did assume that it's impossible — I have a quotation from Sir Arthur C. Clarke, the science fiction writer whom I met in Colombo, and he said something which completely solves this problem. 
He said a teacher than can be replaced by a machine, should be. 
So, you know, it puts the teacher into a tough bind, you have to think. 
Anyway, so I'm proposing that an alternative primary education, whatever alternative you want, is required where schools don't exist, where schools are not good enough, where teachers are not available or where teachers are not good enough, for whatever reason. 
If you happen to live in a part of the world where none of this applies, then you don't need an alternative education. 
So far I haven't come across such an area, except for one case. I won't name the area, but somewhere in the world people said, we don't have this problem, because we have perfect teachers and perfect schools. 
There are such areas, but — anyway, I'd never heard that anywhere else. 
I'm going to talk about children and self-organization, and a set of experiments which sort of led to this idea of what might an alternative education be like. 
They're called the hole-in-the-wall experiments. 
I'll have to really rush through this. They're a set of experiments. 
The first one was done in New Delhi in 1999. 
And what we did over there was pretty much simple. 
I had an office in those days which bordered a slum, an urban slum, so there was a dividing wall between our office and the urban slum. 
They cut a hole inside that wall — which is how it has got the name hole-in-the-wall — and put a pretty powerful PC into that hole, sort of embedded into the wall so that its monitor was sticking out at the other end, a touchpad similarly embedded into the wall, put it on high-speed Internet, put the Internet Explorer there, put it on Altavista.com — in those days — and just left it there. 
And this is what we saw. 
So that was my office in IIT. Here's the hole-in-the-wall. 
About eight hours later, we found this kid. 
To the right is this eight-year-old child who — and to his left is a six-year-old girl, who is not very tall. 
And what he was doing was, he was teaching her to browse. 
So it sort of raised more questions than it answered. 
Is this real? Does the language matter, because he's not supposed to know English? 
Will the computer last, or will they break it and steal it — and did anyone teach them? 
The last question is what everybody said, but you know, I mean, they must have poked their head over the wall and asked the people in your office, can you show me how to do it, and then somebody taught him. 
So I took the experiment out of Delhi and repeated it, this time in a city called Shivpuri in the center of India, where I was assured that nobody had ever taught anybody anything. 
(Laughter) So it was a warm day, and the hole in the wall was on that decrepit old building. This is the first kid who came there; he later on turned out to be a 13-year-old school dropout. 
He came there and he started to fiddle around with the touchpad. 
Very quickly, he noticed that when he moves his finger on the touchpad something moves on the screen — and later on he told me, "" I have never seen a television where you can do something. "" So he figured that out. It took him over two minutes to figure out that he was doing things to the television. 
And then, as he was doing that, he made an accidental click by hitting the touchpad — you'll see him do that. 
He did that, and the Internet Explorer changed page. 
Eight minutes later, he looked from his hand to the screen, and he was browsing: he was going back and forth. 
When that happened, he started calling all the neighborhood children, like, children would come and see what's happening over here. 
And by the evening of that day, 70 children were all browsing. 
So eight minutes and an embedded computer seemed to be all that we needed there. 
So we thought that this is what was happening: that children in groups can self-instruct themselves to use a computer and the Internet. But under what circumstances? 
At this time there was a — the main question was about English. 
People said, you know, you really ought to have this in Indian languages. 
So I said, have what, shall I translate the Internet into some Indian language? That's not possible. 
So, it has to be the other way about. 
But let's see, how do the children tackle the English language? 
I took the experiment out to northeastern India, to a village called Madantusi, where, for some reason, there was no English teacher, so the children had not learned English at all. 
And I built a similar hole-in-the-wall. 
One big difference in the villages, as opposed to the urban slums: there were more girls than boys who came to the kiosk. 
In the urban slums, the girls tend to stay away. 
I left the computer there with lots of CDs — I didn't have any Internet — and came back three months later. 
So when I came back there, I found these two kids, eight- and 12-year-olds, who were playing a game on the computer. 
And as soon as they saw me they said, "We need a faster processor and a better mouse." 
(Laughter) I was real surprised. 
You know, how on earth did they know all this? 
And they said, "" Well, we've picked it up from the CDs. "" So I said, "" But how did you understand what's going on over there? "" So they said, "" Well, you've left this machine which talks only in English, so we had to learn English. "" So then I measured, and they were using 200 English words with each other — mispronounced, but correct usage — words like exit, stop, find, save, that kind of thing, not only to do with the computer but in their day-to-day conversations. 
So, Madantusi seemed to show that language is not a barrier; in fact they may be able to teach themselves the language if they really wanted to. 
Finally, I got some funding to try this experiment out to see if these results are replicable, if they happen everywhere else. 
India is a good place to do such an experiment in, because we have all the ethnic diversities, all the — you know, the genetic diversity, all the racial diversities, and also all the socio-economic diversities. 
So, I could actually choose samples to cover a cross section that would cover practically the whole world. 
So I did this for almost five years, and this experiment really took us all the way across the length and breadth of India. 
This is the Himalayas. Up in the north, very cold. 
I also had to check or invent an engineering design which would survive outdoors, and I was using regular, normal PCs, so I needed different climates, for which India is also great, because we have very cold, very hot, and so on. 
This is the desert to the west. Near the Pakistan border. 
And you see here a little clip of — one of these villages — the first thing that these children did was to find a website to teach themselves the English alphabet. 
Then to central India — very warm, moist, fishing villages, where humidity is a very big killer of electronics. 
So we had to solve all the problems we had without air conditioning and with very poor power, so most of the solutions that came out used little blasts of air put at the right places to keep the machines running. 
I want to just cut this short. We did this over and over again. 
This sequence is also nice. This is a small child, a six-year-old, telling his eldest sister what to do. 
And this happens very often with these computers, that the younger children are found teaching the older ones. 
What did we find? We found that six- to 13-year-olds can self-instruct in a connected environment, irrespective of anything that we could measure. 
So if they have access to the computer, they will teach themselves, including intelligence. 
I couldn't find a single correlation with anything, but it had to be in groups. 
And that may be of great, you know, interest to this group, because all of you are talking about groups. 
So here was the power of what a group of children can do, if you lift the adult intervention. 
Just a quick idea of the measurements. 
We took standard statistical techniques, so I'm going to not talk about that. 
But we got a clean learning curve, almost exactly the same as what you would get in a school. 
I'll leave it at that, because, I mean, it sort of says it all, doesn't it? 
What could they learn to do? 
Basic Windows functions, browsing, painting, chatting and email, games and educational material, music downloads, playing video. 
In short, what all of us do. 
And over 300 children will become computer literate and be able to do all of these things in six months with one computer. 
So, how do they do that? 
If you calculated the actual time of access, it would work out to minutes per day, so that's not how it's happening. 
What you have, actually, is there is one child operating the computer. 
And surrounding him are usually three other children, who are advising him on what they should do. 
If you test them, all four will get the same scores in whatever you ask them. 
Around these four are usually a group of about 16 children, who are also advising, usually wrongly, about everything that's going on on the computer. 
And all of them also will clear a test given on that subject. 
So they are learning as much by watching as they learn by doing. 
It seems counter-intuitive to adult learning, but remember, eight-year-olds live in a society where most of the time they are told, don't do this, you know, don't touch the whiskey bottle. 
So what does the eight-year-old do? 
He observes very carefully how a whiskey bottle should be touched. 
And if you tested him, he would answer every question correctly on that topic. 
So, they seem to be able to acquire very quickly. 
So what was the conclusion over the six years of work? 
It was that primary education can happen on its own, or parts of it can happen on its own. 
It does not have to be imposed from the top downwards. 
It could perhaps be a self-organizing system, so that was the second bit that I wanted to tell you, that children can self-organize and attain an educational objective. 
The third piece was on values, and again, to put it very briefly, I conducted a test over 500 children spread across all over India, and asked them — I gave them about 68 different values-oriented questions and simply asked them their opinions. 
We got all sorts of opinions. Yes, no or I don't know. 
I simply took those questions where I got 50 percent yeses and 50 percent noes — so I was able to get a collection of 16 such statements. 
These were areas where the children were clearly confused, because half said yes and half said no. 
A typical example being, "" Sometimes it is necessary to tell lies. "" They don't have a way to determine which way to answer this question; perhaps none of us do. 
So I leave you with this third question. 
Can technology alter the acquisition of values? 
Finally, self-organizing systems, about which, again, I won't say too much because you've been hearing all about it. 
Natural systems are all self-organizing: galaxies, molecules, cells, organisms, societies — except for the debate about an intelligent designer. 
But at this point in time, as far as science goes, it's self-organization. 
But other examples are traffic jams, stock market, society and disaster recovery, terrorism and insurgency. 
And you know about the Internet-based self-organizing systems. 
So here are my four sentences then. 
Remoteness affects the quality of education. 
Educational technology should be introduced into remote areas first, and other areas later. 
Values are acquired; doctrine and dogma are imposed — the two opposing mechanisms. 
And learning is most likely a self-organizing system. 
If you put all the four together, then it gives — according to me — it gives us a goal, a vision, for educational technology. 
An educational technology and pedagogy that is digital, automatic, fault-tolerant, minimally invasive, connected and self-organized. 
As educationists, we have never asked for technology; we keep borrowing it. 
PowerPoint is supposed to be considered a great educational technology, but it was not meant for education, it was meant for making boardroom presentations. 
We borrowed it. Video conferencing. The personal computer itself. 
I think it's time that the educationists made their own specs, and I have such a set of specs. This is a brief look at that. 
And such a set of specs should produce the technology to address remoteness, values and violence. 
So I thought I'd give it a name — why don't we call it "" outdoctrination. "" And could this be a goal for educational technology in the future? 
So I want to leave that as a thought with you. 
Thank you. 
(Applause) 

I'm talking to you about the worst form of human rights violation, the third-largest organized crime, a $10 billion industry. 
I'm talking to you about modern-day slavery. 
I'd like to tell you the story of these three children, Pranitha, Shaheen and Anjali. 
Pranitha's mother was a woman in prostitution, a prostituted person. 
She got infected with HIV, and towards the end of her life, when she was in the final stages of AIDS, she could not prostitute, so she sold four-year-old Pranitha to a broker. 
By the time we got the information, we reached there, Pranitha was already raped by three men. 
Shaheen's background I don't even know. 
We found her in a railway track, raped by many, many men, I don't know many. 
But the indications of that on her body was that her intestine was outside her body. 
And when we took her to the hospital she needed 32 stitches to put back her intestine into her body. 
We still don't know who her parents are, who she is. 
All that we know that hundreds of men had used her brutally. 
Anjali's father, a drunkard, sold his child for pornography. 
You're seeing here images of three years, four-year-olds, and five-year-old children who have been trafficked for commercial sexual exploitation. 
In this country, and across the globe, hundreds and thousands of children, as young as three, as young as four, are sold into sexual slavery. 
But that's not the only purpose that human beings are sold for. 
They are sold in the name of adoption. 
They are sold in the name of organ trade. 
They are sold in the name of forced labor, camel jockeying, anything, everything. 
I work on the issue of commercial sexual exploitation. 
And I tell you stories from there. 
My own journey to work with these children started as a teenager. 
I was 15 when I was gang-raped by eight men. 
I don't remember the rape part of it so much as much as the anger part of it. 
Yes, there were eight men who defiled me, raped me, but that didn't go into my consciousness. 
I never felt like a victim, then or now. 
But what lingered from then till now — I am 40 today — is this huge outrageous anger. 
Two years, I was ostracized, I was stigmatized, I was isolated, because I was a victim. 
And that's what we do to all traffic survivors. 
We, as a society, we have PhDs in victimizing a victim. 
Right from the age of 15, when I started looking around me, I started seeing hundreds and thousands of women and children who are left in sexual slavery-like practices, but have absolutely no respite, because we don't allow them to come in. 
Where does their journey begin? 
Most of them come from very optionless families, not just poor. 
You have even the middle class sometimes getting trafficked. 
I had this I.S. officer's daughter, who is 14 years old, studying in ninth standard, who was raped chatting with one individual, and ran away from home because she wanted to become a heroine, who was trafficked. 
I have hundreds and thousands of stories of very very well-to-do families, and children from well-to-do families, who are getting trafficked. 
These people are deceived, forced. 
99.9 percent of them resist being inducted into prostitution. 
Some pay the price for it. 
They're killed; we don't even hear about them. 
They are voiceless, [unclear], nameless people. 
But the rest, who succumb into it, go through everyday torture. 
Because the men who come to them are not men who want to make you your girlfriends, or who want to have a family with you. 
These are men who buy you for an hour, for a day, and use you, throw you. 
Each of the girls that I have rescued — I have rescued more than 3,200 girls — each of them tell me one story in common... 
(Applause) one story about one man, at least, putting chili powder in her vagina, one man taking a cigarette and burning her, one man whipping her. 
We are living among those men: they're our brothers, fathers, uncles, cousins, all around us. 
And we are silent about them. 
We think it is easy money. 
We think it is shortcut. 
We think the person likes to do what she's doing. 
But the extra bonuses that she gets is various infections, sexually transmitted infections, HIV, AIDS, syphilis, gonorrhea, you name it, substance abuse, drugs, everything under the sun. 
And one day she gives up on you and me, because we have no options for her. 
And therefore she starts normalizing this exploitation. 
She believes, "" Yes, this is it, this is what my destiny is about. "" And this is normal, to get raped by 100 men a day. 
And it's abnormal to live in a shelter. 
It's abnormal to get rehabilitated. 
It's in that context that I work. 
It's in that context that I rescue children. 
I've rescued children as young as three years, and I've rescued women as old as 40 years. 
When I rescued them, one of the biggest challenges I had was where do I begin. 
Because I had lots of them who were already HIV infected. 
One third of the people I rescue are HIV positive. 
And therefore my challenge was to understand how can I get out the power from this pain. 
And for me, I was my greatest experience. 
Understanding my own self, understanding my own pain, my own isolation, was my greatest teacher. 
Because what we did with these girls is to understand their potential. 
You see a girl here who is trained as a welder. 
She works for a very big company, a workshop in Hyderabad, making furnitures. 
She earns around 12,000 rupees. 
She is an illiterate girl, trained, skilled as a welder. 
Why welding and why not computers? 
We felt, one of the things that these girls had is immense amount of courage. 
They did not have any pardas inside their body, hijabs inside themselves; they've crossed the barrier of it. 
And therefore they could fight in a male-dominated world, very easily, and not feel very shy about it. 
We have trained girls as carpenters, as masons, as security guards, as cab drivers. 
And each one of them are excelling in their chosen field, gaining confidence, restoring dignity, and building hopes in their own lives. 
These girls are also working in big construction companies like Ram-ki construction, as masons, full-time masons. 
What has been my challenge? 
My challenge has not been the traffickers who beat me up. 
I've been beaten up more than 14 times in my life. 
I can't hear from my right ear. 
I've lost a staff of mine who was murdered while on a rescue. 
My biggest challenge is society. 
It's you and me. 
My biggest challenge is your blocks to accept these victims as our own. 
A very supportive friend of mine, a well-wisher of mine, used to give me every month, 2,000 rupees for vegetables. 
When her mother fell sick she said, "" Sunitha, you have so much of contacts. 
Can you get somebody in my house to work, so that she can look after my mother? "" And there is a long pause. 
And then she says, "" Not one of our girls. "" It's very fashionable to talk about human trafficking, in this fantastic A-C hall. 
It's very nice for discussion, discourse, making films and everything. 
But it is not nice to bring them to our homes. 
It's not nice to give them employment in our factories, our companies. 
It's not nice for our children to study with their children. 
There it ends. 
That's my biggest challenge. 
If I'm here today, I'm here not only as Sunitha Krishnan. 
I'm here as a voice of the victims and survivors of human trafficking. 
They need your compassion. 
They need your empathy. 
They need, much more than anything else, your acceptance. 
Many times when I talk to people, I keep telling them one thing: don't tell me hundred ways how you cannot respond to this problem. 
Can you ply your mind for that one way that you can respond to the problem? 
And that's what I'm here for, asking for your support, demanding for your support, requesting for your support. 
Can you break your culture of silence? 
Can you speak to at least two persons about this story? 
Tell them this story. Convince them to tell the story to another two persons. 
I'm not asking you all to become Mahatma Gandhis or Martin Luther Kings, or Medha Patkars, or something like that. 
I'm asking you, in your limited world, can you open your minds? Can you open your hearts? 
Can you just encompass these people too? 
Because they are also a part of us. 
They are also part of this world. 
I'm asking you, for these children, whose faces you see, they're no more. 
They died of AIDS last year. 
I'm asking you to help them, accept as human beings — not as philanthropy, not as charity, but as human beings who deserve all our support. 
I'm asking you this because no child, no human being, deserves what these children have gone through. 
Thank you. 
(Applause) 

Someone who looks like me walks past you in the street. 
Do you think they're a mother, a refugee or a victim of oppression? 
Or do you think they're a cardiologist, a barrister or maybe your local politician? 
Do you look me up and down, wondering how hot I must get or if my husband has forced me to wear this outfit? 
What if I wore my scarf like this? 
I can walk down the street in the exact same outfit and what the world expects of me and the way I'm treated depends on the arrangement of this piece of cloth. 
But this isn't going to be another monologue about the hijab because Lord knows, Muslim women are so much more than the piece of cloth they choose, or not, to wrap their head in. 
This is about looking beyond your bias. 
What if I walked past you and later on you'd found out that actually I was a race car engineer, and that I designed my own race car and I ran my university's race team, because it's true. 
What if I told you that I was actually trained as a boxer for five years, because that's true, too. 
Would it surprise you? 
Why? 
Ladies and gentlemen, ultimately, that surprise and the behaviors associated with it are the product of something called unconscious bias, or implicit prejudice. 
And that results in the ridiculously detrimental lack of diversity in our workforce, particularly in areas of influence. 
Hello, Australian Federal Cabinet. 
(Applause) Let me just set something out from the outset: Unconscious bias is not the same as conscious discrimination. 
I'm not saying that in all of you, there's a secret sexist or racist or ageist lurking within, waiting to get out. 
That's not what I'm saying. 
We all have our biases. 
They're the filters through which we see the world around us. 
I'm not accusing anyone, bias is not an accusation. 
Rather, it's something that has to be identified, acknowledged and mitigated against. 
Bias can be about race, it can be about gender. 
It can also be about class, education, disability. 
The fact is, we all have biases against what's different, what's different to our social norms. 
The thing is, if we want to live in a world where the circumstances of your birth do not dictate your future and where equal opportunity is ubiquitous, then each and every one of us has a role to play in making sure unconscious bias does not determine our lives. 
There's this really famous experiment in the space of unconscious bias and that's in the space of gender in the 1970s and 1980s. 
So orchestras, back in the day, were made up mostly of dudes, up to only five percent were female. 
And apparently, that was because men played it differently, presumably better, presumably. 
But in 1952, The Boston Symphony Orchestra started an experiment. 
They started blind auditions. 
So rather than face-to-face auditions, you would have to play behind a screen. 
Now funnily enough, no immediate change was registered until they asked the audition-ers to take their shoes off before they entered the room. 
because the clickity-clack of the heels against the hardwood floors was enough to give the ladies away. 
Now get this, there results of the audition showed that there was a 50 percent increased chance a woman would progress past the preliminary stage. 
And it almost tripled their chances of getting in. 
What does that tell us? 
Well, unfortunately for the guys, men actually didn't play differently, but there was the perception that they did. 
And it was that bias that was determining their outcome. 
So what we're doing here is identifying and acknowledging that a bias exists. 
And look, we all do it. 
Let me give you an example. 
A son and his father are in a horrible car accident. 
The father dies on impact and the son, who's severely injured, is rushed to hospital. 
The surgeon looks at the son when they arrive and is like, "I can't operate." 
Why? 
"The boy is my son." 
How can that be? 
Ladies and gentlemen, the surgeon is his mother. 
Now hands up — and it's okay — but hands up if you initially assumed the surgeon was a guy? 
There's evidence that that unconscious bias exists, but we all just have to acknowledge that it's there and then look at ways that we can move past it so that we can look at solutions. 
Now one of the interesting things around the space of unconscious bias is the topic of quotas. 
And this something that's often brought up. 
And of of the criticisms is this idea of merit. 
Look, I don't want to be picked because I'm a chick, I want to be picked because I have merit, because I'm the best person for the job. 
It's a sentiment that's pretty common among female engineers that I work with and that I know. 
And yeah, I get it, I've been there. 
But, if the merit idea was true, why would identical resumes, in an experiment done in 2012 by Yale, identical resumes sent out for a lab technician, why would Jennifers be deemed less competent, be less likely to be offered the job, and be paid less than Johns. 
The unconscious bias is there, but we just have to look at how we can move past it. 
And, you know, it's interesting, there's some research that talks about why this is the case and it's called the merit paradox. 
And in organizations — and this is kind of ironic — in organizations that talk about merit being their primary value-driver in terms of who they hire, they were more likely to hire dudes and more likely to pay the guys more because apparently merit is a masculine quality. 
But, hey. 
So you guys think you've got a good read on me, you kinda think you know what's up. 
Can you imagine me running one of these? 
Can you imagine me walking in and being like, "Hey boys, this is what's up. This is how it's done." 
Well, I'm glad you can. 
(Applause) Because ladies and gentlemen, that's my day job. 
And the cool thing about it is that it's pretty entertaining. 
Actually, in places like Malaysia, Muslim women on rigs isn't even comment-worthy. 
There are that many of them. 
But, it is entertaining. 
I remember, I was telling one of the guys, "Hey, mate, look, I really want to learn how to surf." 
And he's like, "" Yassmin, I don't know how you can surf with all that gear you've got on, and I don't know any women-only beaches. "" And then, the guy came up with a brilliant idea, he was like, "" I know, you run that organization Youth Without Borders, right? 
Why don't you start a clothing line for Muslim chicks in beaches. 
You can call it Youth Without Boardshorts. "" (Laughter) And I was like, "" Thanks, guys. "" And I remember another bloke telling me that I should eat all the yogurt I could because that was the only culture I was going to get around there. 
But, the problem is, it's kind of true because there's an intense lack of diversity in our workforce, particularly in places of influence. 
Now, in 2010, The Australian National University did an experiment where they sent out 4,000 identical applications to entry level jobs, essentially. 
To get the same number of interviews as someone with an Anglo-Saxon name, if you were Chinese, you had to send out 68 percent more applications. 
If you were Middle Eastern — Abdel-Magied — you had to send out 64 percent, and if you're Italian, you're pretty lucky, you only have to send out 12 percent more. 
In places like Silicon Valley, it's not that much better. 
In Google, they put out some diversity results and 61 percent white, 30 percent Asian and nine, a bunch of blacks, Hispanics, all that kind of thing. 
And the rest of the tech world is not that much better and they've acknowledged it, but I'm not really sure what they're doing about it. 
The thing is, it doesn't trickle up. 
In a study done by Green Park, who are a British senior exec supplier, they said that over half of the FTSE 100 companies don't have a nonwhite leader at their board level, executive or non-executive. 
And two out of every three don't have an executive who's from a minority. 
And most of the minorities that are at that sort of level are non-executive board directors. 
So their influence isn't that great. 
I've told you a bunch of terrible things. 
You're like, "" Oh my god, how bad is that? What can I do about it? "" Well, fortunately, we've identified that there's a problem. 
There's a lack of opportunity, and that's due to unconscious bias. 
But you might be sitting there thinking, "I ain't brown. What's that got to do with me?" 
Let me offer you a solution. 
And as I've said before, we live in a world where we're looking for an ideal. 
And if we want to create a world where the circumstances of your birth don't matter, we all have to be part of the solution. 
And interestingly, the author of the lab resume experiment offered some sort of a solution. 
She said the one thing that brought the successful women together, the one thing that they had in common, was the fact that they had good mentors. 
So mentoring, we've all kind of heard that before, it's in the vernacular. 
Here's another challenge for you. 
I challenge each and every one of you to mentor someone different. 
Think about it. 
Everyone wants to mentor someone who kind of is familiar, who looks like us, we have shared experiences. 
If I see a Muslim chick who's got a bit of attitude, I'm like, "" What's up? We can hang out. "" You walk into a room and there's someone who went to the same school, you play the same sports, there's a high chance that you're going to want to help that person out. 
But for the person in the room who has no shared experiences with you it becomes extremely difficult to find that connection. 
The idea of finding someone different to mentor, someone who doesn't come from the same background as you, whatever that background is, is about opening doors for people who couldn't even get to the damn hallway. 
Because ladies and gentlemen, the world is not just. 
People are not born with equal opportunity. 
I was born in one of the poorest cities in the world, Khartoum. 
I was born brown, I was born female, and I was born Muslim in a world that is pretty suspicious of us for reasons I can't control. 
However, I also acknowledge the fact that I was born with privilege. 
I was born with amazing parents, I was given an education and had the blessing of migrating to Australia. 
But also, I've been blessed with amazing mentors who've opened doors for me that I didn't even know were there. 
A mentor who said to me, "" Hey, your story's interesting. 
Let's write something about it so that I can share it with people. "" A mentor who said, "" I know you're all those things that don't belong on an Australian rig, but come on anyway. "" And here I am, talking to you. 
And I'm not the only one. 
There's all sorts of people in my communities that I see have been helped out by mentors. 
A young Muslim man in Sydney who ended up using his mentor's help to start up a poetry slam in Bankstown and now it's a huge thing. 
And he's able to change the lives of so many other young people. 
Or a lady here in Brisbane, an Afghan lady who's a refugee, who could barely speak English when she came to Australia, her mentors helped her become a doctor and she took our Young Queenslander of the Year Award in 2008. 
She's an inspiration. 
This is so not smooth. 
This is me. 
But I'm also the woman in the rig clothes, and I'm also the woman who was in the abaya at the beginning. 
Would you have chosen to mentor me if you had seen me in one of those other versions of who I am? 
Because I'm that same person. 
We have to look past our unconscious bias, find someone to mentor who's at the opposite end of your spectrum because structural change takes time, and I don't have that level of patience. 
So if we're going to create a change, if we're going to create a world where we all have those kinds of opportunities, then choose to open doors for people. 
Because you might think that diversity has nothing to do with you, but we are all part of this system and we can all be part of that solution. 
And if you don't know where to find someone different, go to the places you wouldn't usually go. 
If you enroll in private high school tutoring, go to your local state school or maybe just drop into your local refugee tutoring center. 
Or perhaps you work at an office. 
Take out that new grad who looks totally out of place — 'cause that was me — and open doors for them, not in a tokenistic way, because we're not victims, but show them the opportunities because opening up your world will make you realize that you have access to doors that they didn't even know existed and you didn't even know they didn't have. 
Ladies and gentlemen, there is a problem in our community with lack of opportunity, especially due to unconscious bias. 
But each and every one one of you has the potential to change that. 
I know you've been given a lot of challenges today, but if you can take this one piece and think about it a little differently, because diversity is magic. 
And I encourage you to look past your initial perceptions because I bet you, they're probably wrong. 
Thank you. 
(Applause) 

So I thought, "" I will talk about death. "" Seemed to be the passion today. 
Actually, it's not about death. 
It's inevitable, terrible, but really what I want to talk about is, I'm just fascinated by the legacy people leave when they die. 
That's what I want to talk about. 
So Art Buchwald left his legacy of humor with a video that appeared soon after he died, saying, "Hi! I'm Art Buchwald, and I just died." 
And Mike, who I met at Galapagos, a trip which I won at TED, is leaving notes on cyberspace where he is chronicling his journey through cancer. 
And my father left me a legacy of his handwriting through letters and a notebook. 
In the last two years of his life, when he was sick, he filled a notebook with his thoughts about me. 
He wrote about my strengths, weaknesses, and gentle suggestions for improvement, quoting specific incidents, and held a mirror to my life. 
After he died, I realized that no one writes to me anymore. 
Handwriting is a disappearing art. 
I'm all for email and thinking while typing, but why give up old habits for new? 
Why can't we have letter writing and email exchange in our lives? 
There are times when I want to trade all those years that I was too busy to sit with my dad and chat with him, and trade all those years for one hug. 
But too late. 
But that's when I take out his letters and I read them, and the paper that touched his hand is in mine, and I feel connected to him. 
So maybe we all need to leave our children with a value legacy, and not a financial one. 
A value for things with a personal touch — an autographed book, a soul-searching letter. 
If a fraction of this powerful TED audience could be inspired to buy a beautiful paper — John, it'll be a recycled one — and write a beautiful letter to someone they love, we actually may start a revolution where our children may go to penmanship classes. 
So what do I plan to leave for my son? 
I collect autographed books, and those of you authors in the audience know I hound you for them — and CDs too, Tracy. 
I plan to publish my own notebook. 
As I witnessed my father's body being swallowed by fire, I sat by his funeral pyre and wrote. 
I have no idea how I'm going to do it, but I am committed to compiling his thoughts and mine into a book, and leave that published book for my son. 
I'd like to end with a few verses of what I wrote at my father's cremation. 
And those linguists, please pardon the grammar, because I've not looked at it in the last 10 years. 
I took it out for the first time to come here. 
"" Picture in a frame, ashes in a bottle, boundless energy confined in the bottle, forcing me to deal with reality, forcing me to deal with being grown up. 
I hear you and I know that you would want me to be strong, but right now, I am being sucked down, surrounded and suffocated by these raging emotional waters, craving to cleanse my soul, trying to emerge on a firm footing one more time, to keep on fighting and flourishing just as you taught me. 
Your encouraging whispers in my whirlpool of despair, holding me and heaving me to shores of sanity, to live again and to love again. "" Thank you. 

And I say that sincerely, partly because (Mock sob) I need that. 
Now I have to take off my shoes or boots to get on an airplane! (Laughter) 
Driving ourselves. 
(Laughter) I know it sounds like a little thing to you, but — (Laughter) I looked in the rear-view mirror and all of a sudden it just hit me. 
And she said "" Yes, that's former Vice President Al Gore and his wife, Tipper. "" And the man said, "He's come down a long way, hasn't he?" 
(Laughter) (Applause) There's been kind of a series of epiphanies. (Laughter) 
The very next day, continuing the totally true story, I got on a G-V to fly to Africa to make a speech in Nigeria, in the city of Lagos, on the topic of energy. 
And he was waving a piece of paper, and he was yelling, "Call Washington! Call Washington!" 
(Laughter) But what it turned out to be, was that my staff was extremely upset because one of the wire services in Nigeria had already written a story about my speech, and it had already been printed in cities all across the United States of America. 
(Laughter) And the story began, "" Former Vice President Al Gore announced in Nigeria yesterday, "" quote: 'My wife Tipper and I have opened a low-cost family restaurant' "" — (Laughter) "" 'named Shoney's, and we are running it ourselves.' "" (Laughter) Before I could get back to U.S. soil, David Letterman and Jay Leno had already started in on — one of them had me in a big white chef's hat, Tipper was saying, "" One more burger with fries! "" (Laughter) Three days later, I got a nice, long, handwritten letter from my friend and partner and colleague Bill Clinton, saying, "Congratulations on the new restaurant, Al!" (Laughter) 
But I was thinking that, since I plan to make a lifelong habit of coming back to TED, that maybe I could talk about that another time. 
I add new images, because I learn more about it every time I give it. 
Just in the last two days, we got the new temperature records in January. 
Efficiency in end-use electricity and end-use of all energy is the low-hanging fruit. 
It's an easy, visible target of concern — and it should be — but there is more global warming pollution that comes from buildings than from cars and trucks. 
Cars and trucks are very significant, and we have the lowest standards in the world. 
You have choices with everything you buy, between things that have a harsh effect, or a much less harsh effect on the global climate crisis. 
Participant Productions convened — with my active involvement — the leading software writers in the world, on this arcane science of carbon calculation, to construct a consumer-friendly carbon calculator. 
And by the time the movie comes out in May, this will be updated to 2.0, and we will have click-through purchases of offsets. 
Next, consider making your business carbon-neutral. 
Invest sustainably. 
And so I'm going to be conducting a course this summer for a group of people that are nominated by different folks to come and then give it en masse, in communities all across the country, and we're going to update the slideshow for all of them every single week, to keep it right on the cutting edge. 
(Applause) Where did anybody get the idea that you ought to stay arm's length from politics? 
Here's why: as long as the United States is out of the world system, it's not a closed system. 
Somebody said the test we're facing now, a scientist told me, is whether the combination of an opposable thumb and a neocortex is a viable combination. 

♫ Where do we go from here? ♫ ♫ How do we carry on? ♫ ♫ I can't get beyond the questions ♫ ♫ Clambering for the scraps ♫ ♫ in the shatter of us, collapsed ♫ ♫ It cuts me with every could have been ♫ ♫ Pain on pain on play, repeating ♫ ♫ With the backup, makeshift life in waiting ♫ ♫ Everybody says ♫ ♫ time heals everything ♫ ♫ What of the wretched hollow? ♫ ♫ The endless in between? ♫ ♫ Are we just going to wait it out? ♫ ♫ There is nothing to see here now ♫ 
♫ Turning the sign around ♫ ♫ We're closed to the Earth 'til further notice ♫ ♫ A crumbling cliche case ♫ ♫ crumpled and puffy faced ♫ ♫ caught dead in the stare of a thousand miles ♫ ♫ All I want, only one street level miracle ♫ ♫ I'll be an out and out born again ♫ ♫ from none more cynical ♫ ♫ Everybody says ♫ ♫ that time heals everything ♫ ♫ But what of the wretched hollow? ♫ ♫ The endless in between? ♫ ♫ Are we just going to wait it out? ♫ ♫ And sit here cold? ♫ 
♫ We will be long gone by then ♫ ♫ In lackluster ♫ ♫ In dust we lay around old magazines ♫ ♫ Fluorescent lighting sets the scene ♫ ♫ for all we could and should be being ♫ ♫ in the one life that we've got ♫ ♫ Everybody says ♫ ♫ time heals everything ♫ ♫ And what of the wretched hollow? ♫ ♫ The endless in between? ♫ ♫ Are we just going to wait it out? ♫ ♫ Just going to sweat it out? ♫ ♫ Just going to sweat it out? ♫ ♫ Wait it out ♫ 
(Applause) 

And I started in our medical university, Karolinska Institute, an undergraduate course called Global Health. 
And one of the questions from which I learned a lot was this one: "Which country has the highest child mortality of these five pairs?" 
And these were the results of the Swedish students. 
That means that there was a place for a professor of international health and for my course. 
(Laughter) But one late night, when I was compiling the report, I really realized my discovery. 
(Laughter) Because the chimpanzee would score half right if I gave them two bananas with Sri Lanka and Turkey. 
Because my students, what they said when they looked upon the world, and I asked them, "What do you really think about the world?" 
We have very good data since 1962 — 1960 about — on the size of families in all countries. 
And 1962, there was really a group of countries here that was industrialized countries, and they had small families and long lives. 
They move up into that corner. 
And in the '90s, we have the terrible HIV epidemic that takes down the life expectancy of the African countries and all the rest of them move up into the corner, where we have long lives and small family, and we have a completely new world. 
(Applause) (Applause ends) Let me make a comparison directly between the United States of America and Vietnam. 
And this is what happens: the data during the war indicate that even with all the death, there was an improvement of life expectancy. 
If we don't look in the data, I think we all underestimate the tremendous change in Asia, which was in social change before we saw the economical change. 
Let's move over to another way here in which we could display the distribution in the world of the income. 
And if we look where the income ends up, this is 100 percent the world's annual income. 
We think about aid, like these people here giving aid to these people here. 
And if I now let the world move forward, you will see that while population increases, there are hundreds of millions in Asia getting out of poverty and some others getting into poverty, and this is the pattern we have today. 
And you have the OECD there, and you have sub-Saharan Africa there, and we take off the Arab states there, coming both from Africa and from Asia, and we put them separately, and we can expand this axis, and I can give it a new dimension here, by adding the social values there, child survival. 
And when it burst, the size of its country bubble is the size of the population. 
Here in Uganda, development aid. 
I can split South Asia here. India's the big bubble in the middle. 
But a huge difference between Afghanistan and Sri Lanka. 
There is an uncertainty margin, but we can see the difference here: Cambodia, Singapore. 
This is Mao Tse-tung. He brought health to China. 
And if we move back again, here, and we put on trails on them, like this, you can see again that the speed of development is very, very different, and the countries are moving more or less in the same rate as money and health, but it seems you can move much faster if you are healthy first than if you are wealthy first. 
And to show that, you can put on the way of United Arab Emirates. 
They came from here, a mineral country. 
So we've got a much more mainstream appearance of the world, where all countries tend to use their money better than they used in the past. 
If I split Uganda, there's quite a difference within Uganda. 
Everything in this world exists in Africa. 
Because the data is hidden down in the databases. 
All that information we saw changing in the world does not include publicly-funded statistics. 
There are some web pages like this, you know, but they take some nourishment down from the databases, but people put prices on them, stupid passwords and boring statistics. 
(Laughter) And this won't work. 
Some countries accept that their databases can go out on the world, but what we really need is, of course, a search function. 
A search function where we can copy the data up to a searchable format and get it out in the world. 
He only says, "" We can't do it. "" (Laughter) And that's a quite clever guy, huh? (Laughter) 
So we can see a lot happening in data in the coming years. 
We will be able to look at income distributions in completely new ways. 
This is the income distribution of the United States, 1970. 
Almost like a ghost, isn't it? 
(Laughter) It's pretty scary. (Laughter) 
And instead of looking at this, I would like to end up by showing the Internet users per 1,000. 
It takes some time to change for this, but on the axises, you can quite easily get any variable you would like to have. 
And the thing would be to get up the databases free, to get them searchable, and with a second click, to get them into the graphic formats, where you can instantly understand them. 
Now, statisticians don't like it, because they say that this will not show the reality; we have to have statistical, analytical methods. 
I end now with the world. 
(Applause) 

When my father and I started a company to 3D print human tissues and organs, some people initially thought we were a little crazy. 
But since then, much progress has been made, both in our lab and other labs around the world. 
And given this, we started getting questions like, "" If you can grow human body parts, can you also grow animal products like meat and leather? "" When someone first suggested this to me, quite frankly I thought they were a little crazy, but what I soon came to realize was that this is not so crazy after all. 
What's crazy is what we do today. 
I'm convinced that in 30 years, when we look back on today and on how we raise and slaughter billions of animals to make our hamburgers and our handbags, we'll see this as being wasteful and indeed crazy. 
Did you know that today we maintain a global herd of 60 billion animals to provide our meat, dairy, eggs and leather goods? 
And over the next few decades, as the world's population expands to 10 billion, this will need to nearly double to 100 billion animals. 
But maintaining this herd takes a major toll on our planet. 
Animals are not just raw materials. 
They're living beings, and already our livestock is one of the largest users of land, fresh water, and one of the biggest producers of greenhouse gases which drive climate change. 
On top of this, when you get so many animals so close together, it creates a breeding ground for disease and opportunities for harm and abuse. 
Clearly, we cannot continue on this path which puts the environment, public health, and food security at risk. 
There is another way, because essentially, animal products are just collections of tissues, and right now we breed and raise highly complex animals only to create products that are made of relatively simple tissues. 
What if, instead of starting with a complex and sentient animal, we started with what the tissues are made of, the basic unit of life, the cell? 
This is biofabrication, where cells themselves can be used to grow biological products like tissues and organs. 
Already in medicine, biofabrication techniques have been used to grow sophisticated body parts, like ears, windpipes, skin, blood vessels and bone, that have been successfully implanted into patients. 
And beyond medicine, biofabrication can be a humane, sustainable and scalable new industry. 
And we should begin by reimagining leather. 
I emphasize leather because it is so widely used. 
It is beautiful, and it has long been a part of our history. 
Growing leather is also technically simpler than growing other animal products like meat. 
It mainly uses one cell type, and it is largely two-dimensional. 
It is also less polarizing for consumers and regulators. 
Until biofabrication is better understood, it is clear that, initially at least, more people would be willing to wear novel materials than would be willing to eat novel foods, no matter how delicious. 
In this sense, leather is a gateway material, a beginning for the mainstream biofabrication industry. 
If we can succeed here, it brings our other consumer bioproducts like meat closer on the horizon. 
Now how do we do it? 
To grow leather, we begin by taking cells from an animal, through a simple biopsy. 
The animal could be a cow, lamb, or even something more exotic. 
This process does no harm, and Daisy the cow can live a happy life. 
We then isolate the skin cells and multiply them in a cell culture medium. 
This takes millions of cells and expands them into billions. 
And we then coax these cells to produce collagen, as they would naturally. 
This collagen is the stuff between cells. 
It's natural connective tissue. 
It's the extracellular matrix, but in leather, it's the main building block. 
And what we next do is we take the cells and their collagen and we spread them out to form sheets, and then we layer these thin sheets on top of one another, like phyllo pastry, to form thicker sheets, which we then let mature. 
And finally, we take this multilayered skin and through a shorter and much less chemical tanning process, we create leather. 
And so I'm very excited to show you, for the first time, the first batch of our cultured leather, fresh from the lab. 
This is real, genuine leather, without the animal sacrifice. 
It can have all the characteristics of leather because it is made of the same cells, and better yet, there is no hair to remove, no scars or insect's bites, and no waste. 
This leather can be grown in the shape of a wallet, a handbag or a car seat. 
It is not limited to the irregular shape of a cow or an alligator. 
And because we make this material, we grow this leather from the ground up, we can control its properties in very interesting ways. 
This piece of leather is a mere seven tissue layers thick, and as you can see, it is nearly transparent. 
And this leather is 21 layers thick and quite opaque. 
You don't have that kind of fine control with conventional leather. 
And we can tune this leather for other desirable qualities, like softness, breathability, durability, elasticity and even things like pattern. 
We can mimic nature, but in some ways also improve upon it. 
This type of leather can do what today's leather does, but with imagination, probably much more. 
What could the future of animal products look like? 
It need not look like this, which is actually the state of the art today. 
Rather, it could be much more like this. 
Already, we have been manufacturing with cell cultures for thousands of years, beginning with products like wine, beer and yogurt. 
And speaking of food, our cultured food has evolved, and today we prepare cultured food in beautiful, sterile facilities like this. 
A brewery is essentially a bioreactor. 
It is where cell culture takes place. 
Imagine that in this facility, instead of brewing beer, we were brewing leather or meat. 
Imagine touring this facility, learning about how the leather or meat is cultured, seeing the process from beginning to end, and even trying some. 
It's clean, open and educational, and this is in contrast to the hidden, guarded and remote factories where leather and meat is produced today. 
Perhaps biofabrication is a natural evolution of manufacturing for mankind. 
It's environmentally responsible, efficient and humane. 
It allows us to be creative. 
We can design new materials, new products, and new facilities. 
We need to move past just killing animals as a resource to something more civilized and evolved. 
Perhaps we are ready for something literally and figuratively more cultured. 
Thank you. 
(Applause) 

(Music) (Applause) (Music) (Applause) (Music) (Applause) (Music) (Applause) 

I wrote a letter last week talking about the work of the foundation, sharing some of the problems. 
And Warren Buffet had recommended I do that — being honest about what was going well, what wasn't, and making it kind of an annual thing. 
A goal I had there was to draw more people in to work on those problems, because I think there are some very important problems that don't get worked on naturally. 
That is, the market does not drive the scientists, the communicators, the thinkers, the governments to do the right things. 
And only by paying attention to these things and having brilliant people who care and draw other people in can we make as much progress as we need to. 
So this morning I'm going to share two of these problems and talk about where they stand. 
But before I dive into those I want to admit that I am an optimist. 
Any tough problem, I think it can be solved. 
And part of the reason I feel that way is looking at the past. 
Over the past century, average lifespan has more than doubled. 
Another statistic, perhaps my favorite, is to look at childhood deaths. 
As recently as 1960, 110 million children were born, and 20 million of those died before the age of five. 
Five years ago, 135 million children were born — so, more — and less than 10 million of them died before the age of five. 
So that's a factor of two reduction of the childhood death rate. 
It's a phenomenal thing. 
Each one of those lives matters a lot. 
And the key reason we were able to it was not only rising incomes but also a few key breakthroughs: vaccines that were used more widely. 
For example, measles was four million of the deaths back as recently as 1990 and now is under 400,000. 
So we really can make changes. 
The next breakthrough is to cut that 10 million in half again. 
And I think that's doable in well under 20 years. 
Why? Well there's only a few diseases that account for the vast majority of those deaths: diarrhea, pneumonia and malaria. 
So that brings us to the first problem that I'll raise this morning, which is how do we stop a deadly disease that's spread by mosquitos? 
Well, what's the history of this disease? 
It's been a severe disease for thousands of years. 
In fact, if we look at the genetic code, it's the only disease we can see that people who lived in Africa actually evolved several things to avoid malarial deaths. 
Deaths actually peaked at a bit over five million in the 1930s. 
So it was absolutely gigantic. 
And the disease was all over the world. 
A terrible disease. It was in the United States. It was in Europe. 
People didn't know what caused it until the early 1900s, when a British military man figured out that it was mosquitos. 
So it was everywhere. 
And two tools helped bring the death rate down. 
One was killing the mosquitos with DDT. 
The other was treating the patients with quinine, or quinine derivatives. 
And so that's why the death rate did come down. 
Now, ironically, what happened was it was eliminated from all the temperate zones, which is where the rich countries are. 
So we can see: 1900, it's everywhere. 
1945, it's still most places. 
1970, the U.S. and most of Europe have gotten rid of it. 
1990, you've gotten most of the northern areas. 
And more recently you can see it's just around the equator. 
And so this leads to the paradox that because the disease is only in the poorer countries, it doesn't get much investment. 
For example, there's more money put into baldness drugs than are put into malaria. 
Now, baldness, it's a terrible thing. 
(Laughter) And rich men are afflicted. 
And so that's why that priority has been set. 
But, malaria — even the million deaths a year caused by malaria greatly understate its impact. 
Over 200 million people at any one time are suffering from it. 
It means that you can't get the economies in these areas going because it just holds things back so much. 
Now, malaria is of course transmitted by mosquitos. 
I brought some here, just so you could experience this. 
We'll let those roam around the auditorium a little bit. 
(Laughter) There's no reason only poor people should have the experience. 
(Laughter) (Applause) Those mosquitos are not infected. 
So we've come up with a few new things. We've got bed nets. 
And bed nets are a great tool. 
What it means is the mother and child stay under the bed net at night, so the mosquitos that bite late at night can't get at them. 
And when you use indoor spraying with DDT and those nets you can cut deaths by over 50 percent. 
And that's happened now in a number of countries. 
It's great to see. 
But we have to be careful because malaria — the parasite evolves and the mosquito evolves. 
So every tool that we've ever had in the past has eventually become ineffective. 
And so you end up with two choices. 
If you go into a country with the right tools and the right way, you do it vigorously, you can actually get a local eradication. 
And that's where we saw the malaria map shrinking. 
Or, if you go in kind of half-heartedly, for a period of time you'll reduce the disease burden, but eventually those tools will become ineffective, and the death rate will soar back up again. 
And the world has gone through this where it paid attention and then didn't pay attention. 
Now we're on the upswing. 
Bed net funding is up. 
There's new drug discovery going on. 
Our foundation has backed a vaccine that's going into phase three trial that starts in a couple months. 
And that should save over two thirds of the lives if it's effective. 
So we're going to have these new tools. 
But that alone doesn't give us the road map. 
Because the road map to get rid of this disease involves many things. 
It involves communicators to keep the funding high, to keep the visibility high, to tell the success stories. 
It involves social scientists, so we know how to get not just 70 percent of the people to use the bed nets, but 90 percent. 
We need mathematicians to come in and simulate this, to do Monte Carlo things to understand how these tools combine and work together. 
Of course we need drug companies to give us their expertise. 
We need rich-world governments to be very generous in providing aid for these things. 
And so as these elements come together, I'm quite optimistic that we will be able to eradicate malaria. 
Now let me turn to a second question, a fairly different question, but I'd say equally important. 
And this is: How do you make a teacher great? 
It seems like the kind of question that people would spend a lot of time on, and we'd understand very well. 
And the answer is, really, that we don't. 
Let's start with why this is important. 
Well, all of us here, I'll bet, had some great teachers. 
We all had a wonderful education. 
That's part of the reason we're here today, part of the reason we're successful. 
I can say that, even though I'm a college drop-out. 
I had great teachers. 
In fact, in the United States, the teaching system has worked fairly well. 
There are fairly effective teachers in a narrow set of places. 
So the top 20 percent of students have gotten a good education. 
And those top 20 percent have been the best in the world, if you measure them against the other top 20 percent. 
And they've gone on to create the revolutions in software and biotechnology and keep the U.S. at the forefront. 
Now, the strength for those top 20 percent is starting to fade on a relative basis, but even more concerning is the education that the balance of people are getting. 
Not only has that been weak. it's getting weaker. 
And if you look at the economy, it really is only providing opportunities now to people with a better education. 
And we have to change this. 
We have to change it so that people have equal opportunity. 
We have to change it so that the country is strong and stays at the forefront of things that are driven by advanced education, like science and mathematics. 
When I first learned the statistics, I was pretty stunned at how bad things are. 
Over 30 percent of kids never finish high school. 
And that had been covered up for a long time because they always took the dropout rate as the number who started in senior year and compared it to the number who finished senior year. 
Because they weren't tracking where the kids were before that. 
But most of the dropouts had taken place before that. 
They had to raise the stated dropout rate as soon as that tracking was done to over 30 percent. 
For minority kids, it's over 50 percent. 
And even if you graduate from high school, if you're low-income, you have less than a 25 percent chance of ever completing a college degree. 
If you're low-income in the United States, you have a higher chance of going to jail than you do of getting a four-year degree. 
And that doesn't seem entirely fair. 
So, how do you make education better? 
Now, our foundation, for the last nine years, has invested in this. 
There's many people working on it. 
We've worked on small schools, we've funded scholarships, we've done things in libraries. 
A lot of these things had a good effect. 
But the more we looked at it, the more we realized that having great teachers was the very key thing. 
And we hooked up with some people studying how much variation is there between teachers, between, say, the top quartile — the very best — and the bottom quartile. 
How much variation is there within a school or between schools? 
And the answer is that these variations are absolutely unbelievable. 
A top quartile teacher will increase the performance of their class — based on test scores — by over 10 percent in a single year. 
What does that mean? 
That means that if the entire U.S., for two years, had top quartile teachers, the entire difference between us and Asia would go away. 
Within four years we would be blowing everyone in the world away. 
So, it's simple. All you need are those top quartile teachers. 
And so you'd say, "" Wow, we should reward those people. 
We should retain those people. 
We should find out what they're doing and transfer that skill to other people. "" But I can tell you that absolutely is not happening today. 
What are the characteristics of this top quartile? 
What do they look like? 
You might think these must be very senior teachers. 
And the answer is no. 
Once somebody has taught for three years their teaching quality does not change thereafter. 
The variation is very, very small. 
You might think these are people with master's degrees. 
They've gone back and they've gotten their Master's of Education. 
This chart takes four different factors and says how much do they explain teaching quality. 
That bottom thing, which says there's no effect at all, is a master's degree. 
Now, the way the pay system works is there's two things that are rewarded. 
One is seniority. 
Because your pay goes up and you vest into your pension. 
The second is giving extra money to people who get their master's degree. 
But it in no way is associated with being a better teacher. 
Teach for America: slight effect. 
For math teachers majoring in math there's a measurable effect. 
But, overwhelmingly, it's your past performance. 
There are some people who are very good at this. 
And we've done almost nothing to study what that is and to draw it in and to replicate it, to raise the average capability — or to encourage the people with it to stay in the system. 
You might say, "" Do the good teachers stay and the bad teacher's leave? "" The answer is, on average, the slightly better teachers leave the system. 
And it's a system with very high turnover. 
Now, there are a few places — very few — where great teachers are being made. 
A good example of one is a set of charter schools called KIPP. 
KIPP means Knowledge Is Power. 
It's an unbelievable thing. 
They have 66 schools — mostly middle schools, some high schools — and what goes on is great teaching. 
They take the poorest kids, and over 96 percent of their high school graduates go to four-year colleges. 
And the whole spirit and attitude in those schools is very different than in the normal public schools. 
They're team teaching. They're constantly improving their teachers. 
They're taking data, the test scores, and saying to a teacher, "" Hey, you caused this amount of increase. "" They're deeply engaged in making teaching better. 
When you actually go and sit in one of these classrooms, at first it's very bizarre. 
I sat down and I thought, "" What is going on? "" The teacher was running around, and the energy level was high. 
I thought, "" I'm in the sports rally or something. 
What's going on? "" And the teacher was constantly scanning to see which kids weren't paying attention, which kids were bored, and calling kids rapidly, putting things up on the board. 
It was a very dynamic environment, because particularly in those middle school years — fifth through eighth grade — keeping people engaged and setting the tone that everybody in the classroom needs to pay attention, nobody gets to make fun of it or have the position of the kid who doesn't want to be there. 
Everybody needs to be involved. 
And so KIPP is doing it. 
How does that compare to a normal school? 
Well, in a normal school, teachers aren't told how good they are. 
The data isn't gathered. 
In the teacher's contract, it will limit the number of times the principal can come into the classroom — sometimes to once per year. 
And they need advanced notice to do that. 
So imagine running a factory where you've got these workers, some of them just making crap and the management is told, "" Hey, you can only come down here once a year, but you need to let us know, because we might actually fool you, and try and do a good job in that one brief moment. "" Even a teacher who wants to improve doesn't have the tools to do it. 
They don't have the test scores, and there's a whole thing of trying to block the data. 
For example, New York passed a law that said that the teacher improvement data could not be made available and used in the tenure decision for the teachers. 
And so that's sort of working in the opposite direction. 
But I'm optimistic about this, I think there are some clear things we can do. 
First of all, there's a lot more testing going on, and that's given us the picture of where we are. 
And that allows us to understand who's doing it well, and call them out, and find out what those techniques are. 
Of course, digital video is cheap now. 
Putting a few cameras in the classroom and saying that things are being recorded on an ongoing basis is very practical in all public schools. 
And so every few weeks teachers could sit down and say, "" OK, here's a little clip of something I thought I did well. 
Here's a little clip of something I think I did poorly. 
Advise me — when this kid acted up, how should I have dealt with that? "" And they could all sit and work together on those problems. 
You can take the very best teachers and kind of annotate it, have it so everyone sees who is the very best at teaching this stuff. 
You can take those great courses and make them available so that a kid could go out and watch the physics course, learn from that. 
If you have a kid who's behind, you would know you could assign them that video to watch and review the concept. 
And in fact, these free courses could not only be available just on the Internet, but you could make it so that DVDs were always available, and so anybody who has access to a DVD player can have the very best teachers. 
And so by thinking of this as a personnel system, we can do it much better. 
Now there's a book actually, about KIPP — the place that this is going on — that Jay Matthews, a news reporter, wrote — called, "" Work Hard, Be Nice. "" And I thought it was so fantastic. 
It gave you a sense of what a good teacher does. 
I'm going to send everyone here a free copy of this book. 
(Applause) Now, we put a lot of money into education, and I really think that education is the most important thing to get right for the country to have as strong a future as it should have. 
In fact we have in the stimulus bill — it's interesting — the House version actually had money in it for these data systems, and it was taken out in the Senate because there are people who are threatened by these things. 
But I — I'm optimistic. 
I think people are beginning to recognize how important this is, and it really can make a difference for millions of lives, if we get it right. 
I only had time to frame those two problems. 
There's a lot more problems like that — AIDS, pneumonia — I can just see you're getting excited, just at the very name of these things. 
And the skill sets required to tackle these things are very broad. 
You know, the system doesn't naturally make it happen. 
Governments don't naturally pick these things in the right way. 
The private sector doesn't naturally put its resources into these things. 
So it's going to take brilliant people like you to study these things, get other people involved — and you're helping to come up with solutions. 
And with that, I think there's some great things that will come out of it. 
Thank you. 
(Applause) 

But energy and climate are extremely important to these people; in fact, more important than to anyone else on the planet. 
In fact, if you could pick just one thing to lower the price of to reduce poverty, by far you would pick energy. 
The coal revolution fueled the Industrial Revolution, and, even in the 1900s, we've seen a very rapid decline in the price of electricity, and that's why we have refrigerators, air-conditioning; we can make modern materials and do so many things. 
If you sum up the CO2 that gets emitted, that leads to a temperature increase, and that temperature increase leads to some very negative effects: the effects on the weather; perhaps worse, the indirect effects, in that the natural ecosystems can't adjust to these rapid changes, and so you get ecosystem collapses. 
And the answer is, until we get near to zero, the temperature will continue to rise. 
It's an average of about five tons for everyone on the planet. 
So you've got a thing on the left, CO2, that you want to get to zero, and that's going to be based on the number of people, the services each person is using on average, the energy, on average, for each service, and the CO2 being put out per unit of energy. 
That's headed up to about nine billion. 
In the rich world, perhaps the top one billion, we probably could cut back and use less, but every year, this number, on average, is going to go up, and so, overall, that will more than double the services delivered per person. 
Now, efficiency, "" E, "" the energy for each service — here, finally we have some good news. 
Through various inventions and new ways of doing lighting, through different types of cars, different ways of building buildings — there are a lot of services where you can bring the energy for that service down quite substantially. 
Some individual services even bring it down by 90 percent. 
But for these first three factors now, we've gone from 26 billion to, at best, maybe 13 billion tons, and that just won't cut it. 
Is there some kind of natural illustration, some demonstration that would grab people's imagination here? "" I thought back to a year ago when I brought mosquitoes, and somehow people enjoyed that. 
I'm told they don't bite; in fact, they might not even leave that jar. 
And that's to take all the CO2, after you've burned it, going out the flue, pressurize it, create a liquid, put it somewhere, and hope it stays there. 
It also has three big problems: cost, particularly in highly regulated countries, is high; the issue of safety, really feeling good about nothing could go wrong, that, even though you have these human operators, the fuel doesn't get used for weapons. 
So three very tough problems that might be solvable, and so, should be worked on. 
And so, if you depend on these sources, you have to have some way of getting the energy during those time periods that it's not available. 
And so, in fact, we need a big breakthrough here, something that's going to be a factor of 100 better than the approaches we have now. 
Now, this shows up when you try to get the intermittent source to be above, say, 20 to 30 percent of what you're using. 
Now, how are we going to go forward on this — what's the right approach? 
Bill Gross has several companies, including one called eSolar that has some great solar thermal technologies. 
Nathan Myhrvold and I actually are backing a company that, perhaps surprisingly, is actually taking the nuclear approach. 
And because you're burning that 99 percent, you have greatly improved cost profile. 
The other grade is: Are we deploying this zero-emission technology, have we deployed it in all the developed countries and are in the process of getting it elsewhere? 
That's a key element of making that report card. 
Backing up from there, what should the 2020 report card look like? 
The Al Gore book, "" Our Choice, "" and the David MacKay book, "" Sustainable Energy Without the Hot Air. "" They really go through it and create a framework that this can be discussed broadly, because we need broad backing for this. 
What am I appealing to you to step forward and drive? 
You'd be stunned at the ridiculously low levels of spending on these innovative approaches. 
We do need the market incentives — CO2 tax, cap and trade — something that gets that price signal out there. 
(Applause) (Applause ends) Thank you. 
And we start out, actually, by taking the waste that exists today that's sitting in these cooling pools or dry-casking by reactors — that's our fuel to begin with. 
It's an important advance, but it's like a fast reactor, and a lot of countries have built them, so anybody who's done a fast reactor is a candidate to be where the first one gets built. 
CA: So, in your mind, timescale and likelihood of actually taking something like this live? 
We certainly need one to succeed. 
And so, there are different ones, but the beauty of this is a molecule of uranium has a million times as much energy as a molecule of, say, coal. 
Do we have to start taking emergency measures to try and keep the temperature of the earth stable? 
BG: If you get into that situation, it's like if you've been overeating, and you're about to have a heart attack. 
Then where do you go? 
But I guess I'll accept it, because it's cheaper than what's come before. "" (Applause) CA: So that would be your response to the Bjørn Lomborg argument, basically if you spend all this energy trying to solve the CO2 problem, it's going to take away all your other goals of trying to rid the world of poverty and malaria and so forth, it's a stupid waste of the Earth's resources to put money towards that when there are better things we can do. 
It shouldn't take away from other things. 
The thing you get into big money on, and reasonable people can disagree, is when you have something that's non-economic and you're trying to fund that — that, to me, mostly is a waste. 
If the trade-off you get into is, "" Let's make energy super expensive, "" then the rich can afford that. 
His shtick now is, "" Why isn't the R & D getting more discussed? "" He's still, because of his earlier stuff, still associated with the skeptic camp, but he's realized that's a pretty lonely camp, and so, he's making the R & D point. 
The R & D piece — it's crazy how little it's funded. 

(Music) (Applause) (Applause) (Music) (Applause) (Music) (Applause) Chris Anderson: You guys were amazing. 
That's amazing. 
(Applause) You just don't hear that every day. 
(Laughter) Usman, the official story is that you learned to play the guitar by watching Jimmy Page on YouTube. 
Usman Riaz: Yes, that was the first one. And then I — That was the first thing I learned, and then I started progressing to other things. 
And I started watching Kaki King a lot, and she would always cite Preston Reed as a big influence, so then I started watching his videos, and it's very surreal right now to be — (Laughter) (Applause) CA: Was that piece just now, that was one of his songs that you learned, or how did that happen? 
UR: I'd never learned it before, but he told me that we would be playing that on stage, so I was familiar with it, so that's why I had so much more fun learning it. 
And it finally happened, so... 
(Laughter) CA: Preston, from your point of view, I mean, you invented this like 20 years ago, right? 
How does it feel to see someone like this come along taking your art and doing so much with it? 
Preston Reed: It's mind-blowing, and I feel really proud, really honored. 
And he's a wonderful musician, so it's cool. 
(Laughter) CA: I guess, I don't think there is like a one-minute other piece you guys can do? 
Can you? Do you jam? Do you have anything else? 
PR: We haven't prepared anything. 
CA: There isn't. I'll tell you what. 
If you have another 30 or 40 seconds, and you have another 30 or 40 seconds, and we just see that, I just think — I can feel it. We want to hear a little more. 
And if it goes horribly wrong, no worries. 
(Applause) (Laughter) (Music) (Applause) 

An evolutionary biologist at Purdue University named William Muir studied chickens. 
He was interested in productivity — I think it's something that concerns all of us — but it's easy to measure in chickens because you just count the eggs. 
(Laughter) He wanted to know what could make his chickens more productive, so he devised a beautiful experiment. 
Chickens live in groups, so first of all, he selected just an average flock, and he let it alone for six generations. 
But then he created a second group of the individually most productive chickens — you could call them superchickens — and he put them together in a superflock, and each generation, he selected only the most productive for breeding. 
After six generations had passed, what did he find? 
Well, the first group, the average group, was doing just fine. 
They were all plump and fully feathered and egg production had increased dramatically. 
Well, all but three were dead. 
They'd pecked the rest to death. 
(Laughter) The individually productive chickens had only achieved their success by suppressing the productivity of the rest. 
Now, as I've gone around the world talking about this and telling this story in all sorts of organizations and companies, people have seen the relevance almost instantly, and they come up and they say things to me like, "That superflock, that's my company." 
(Laughter) Or, "" That's my country. "" Or, "" That's my life. "" All my life I've been told that the way we have to get ahead is to compete: get into the right school, get into the right job, get to the top, and I've really never found it very inspiring. 
I've started and run businesses because invention is a joy, and because working alongside brilliant, creative people is its own reward. 
And I've never really felt very motivated by pecking orders or by superchickens or by superstars. 
But for the past 50 years, we've run most organizations and some societies along the superchicken model. 
We've thought that success is achieved by picking the superstars, the brightest men, or occasionally women, in the room, and giving them all the resources and all the power. 
And the result has been just the same as in William Muir's experiment: aggression, dysfunction and waste. 
If the only way the most productive can be successful is by suppressing the productivity of the rest, then we badly need to find a better way to work and a richer way to live. 
(Applause) So what is it that makes some groups obviously more successful and more productive than others? 
Well, that's the question a team at MIT took to research. 
They brought in hundreds of volunteers, they put them into groups, and they gave them very hard problems to solve. 
And what happened was exactly what you'd expect, that some groups were very much more successful than others, but what was really interesting was that the high-achieving groups were not those where they had one or two people with spectacularly high I.Q. 
Nor were the most successful groups the ones that had the highest aggregate I.Q. 
Instead, they had three characteristics, the really successful teams. 
First of all, they showed high degrees of social sensitivity to each other. 
It's broadly considered a test for empathy, and the groups that scored highly on this did better. 
Secondly, the successful groups gave roughly equal time to each other, so that no one voice dominated, but neither were there any passengers. 
And thirdly, the more successful groups had more women in them. 
(Applause) Now, was this because women typically score more highly on the Reading the Mind in the Eyes Test, so you're getting a doubling down on the empathy quotient? 
Or was it because they brought a more diverse perspective? 
We don't really know, but the striking thing about this experiment is that it showed what we know, which is some groups do better than others, but what's key to that is their social connectedness to each other. 
So how does this play out in the real world? 
Well, it means that what happens between people really counts, because in groups that are highly attuned and sensitive to each other, ideas can flow and grow. 
People don't get stuck. They don't waste energy down dead ends. 
An example: Arup is one of the world's most successful engineering firms, and it was commissioned to build the equestrian center for the Beijing Olympics. 
Now, this building had to receive two and a half thousand really highly strung thoroughbred horses that were coming off long-haul flights, highly jet-lagged, not feeling their finest. 
And the problem the engineer confronted was, what quantity of waste to cater for? 
Now, you don't get taught this in engineering school — (Laughter) — and it's not really the kind of thing you want to get wrong, so he could have spent months talking to vets, doing the research, tweaking the spreadsheet. 
Instead, he asked for help and he found someone who had designed the Jockey Club in New York. 
The problem was solved in less than a day. 
Arup believes that the culture of helpfulness is central to their success. 
Now, helpfulness sounds really anemic, but it's absolutely core to successful teams, and it routinely outperforms individual intelligence. 
Helpfulness means I don't have to know everything, I just have to work among people who are good at getting and giving help. 
At SAP, they reckon that you can answer any question in 17 minutes. 
But there isn't a single high-tech company I've worked with that imagines for a moment that this is a technology issue, because what drives helpfulness is people getting to know each other. 
Now that sounds so obvious, and we think it'll just happen normally, but it doesn't. 
When I was running my first software company, I realized that we were getting stuck. 
There was a lot of friction, but not much else, and I gradually realized the brilliant, creative people that I'd hired didn't know each other. 
They were so focused on their own individual work, they didn't even know who they were sitting next to, and it was only when I insisted that we stop working and invest time in getting to know each other that we achieved real momentum. 
Now, that was 20 years ago, and now I visit companies that have banned coffee cups at desks because they want people to hang out around the coffee machines and talk to each other. 
The Swedes even have a special term for this. 
They call it fika, which means more than a coffee break. 
It means collective restoration. 
At Idexx, a company up in Maine, they've created vegetable gardens on campus so that people from different parts of the business can work together and get to know the whole business that way. 
Have they all gone mad? 
Quite the opposite — they've figured out that when the going gets tough, and it always will get tough if you're doing breakthrough work that really matters, what people need is social support, and they need to know who to ask for help. 
Companies don't have ideas; only people do. 
And what motivates people are the bonds and loyalty and trust they develop between each other. 
What matters is the mortar, not just the bricks. 
Now, when you put all of this together, what you get is something called social capital. 
Social capital is the reliance and interdependency that builds trust. 
The term comes from sociologists who were studying communities that proved particularly resilient in times of stress. 
Social capital is what gives companies momentum, and social capital is what makes companies robust. 
What does this mean in practical terms? 
It means that time is everything, because social capital compounds with time. 
So teams that work together longer get better, because it takes time to develop the trust you need for real candor and openness. 
And time is what builds value. 
When Alex Pentland suggested to one company that they synchronize coffee breaks so that people would have time to talk to each other, profits went up 15 million dollars, and employee satisfaction went up 10 percent. 
Not a bad return on social capital, which compounds even as you spend it. 
Now, this isn't about chumminess, and it's no charter for slackers, because people who work this way tend to be kind of scratchy, impatient, absolutely determined to think for themselves because that's what their contribution is. 
Conflict is frequent because candor is safe. 
And that's how good ideas turn into great ideas, because no idea is born fully formed. 
It emerges a little bit as a child is born, kind of messy and confused, but full of possibilities. 
And it's only through the generous contribution, faith and challenge that they achieve their potential. 
And that's what social capital supports. 
Now, we aren't really used to talking about this, about talent, about creativity, in this way. 
We're used to talking about stars. 
So I started to wonder, well, if we start working this way, does that mean no more stars? 
So I went and I sat in on the auditions at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art in London. 
And what I saw there really surprised me, because the teachers weren't looking for individual pyrotechnics. 
They were looking for what happened between the students, because that's where the drama is. 
And when I talked to producers of hit albums, they said, "" Oh sure, we have lots of superstars in music. 
It's just, they don't last very long. 
It's the outstanding collaborators who enjoy the long careers, because bringing out the best in others is how they found the best in themselves. "" And when I went to visit companies that are renowned for their ingenuity and creativity, I couldn't even see any superstars, because everybody there really mattered. 
And when I reflected on my own career, and the extraordinary people I've had the privilege to work with, I realized how much more we could give each other if we just stopped trying to be superchickens. 
(Laughter) (Applause) Once you appreciate truly how social work is, a lot of things have to change. 
Management by talent contest has routinely pitted employees against each other. 
Now, rivalry has to be replaced by social capital. 
Now, we need to let people motivate each other. 
And for years, we've thought that leaders were heroic soloists who were expected, all by themselves, to solve complex problems. 
Now, we need to redefine leadership as an activity in which conditions are created in which everyone can do their most courageous thinking together. 
We know that this works. 
When the Montreal Protocol called for the phasing out of CFCs, the chlorofluorocarbons implicated in the hole in the ozone layer, the risks were immense. 
But one team that rose to the challenge adopted three key principles. 
The first was the head of engineering, Frank Maslen, said, there will be no stars in this team. 
We need everybody. 
Everybody has a valid perspective. 
Second, we work to one standard only: the best imaginable. 
And third, he told his boss, Geoff Tudhope, that he had to butt out, because he knew how disruptive power can be. 
Now, this didn't mean Tudhope did nothing. 
He gave the team air cover, and he listened to ensure that they honored their principles. 
And it worked: Ahead of all the other companies tackling this hard problem, this group cracked it first. 
And to date, the Montreal Protocol is the most successful international environmental agreement ever implemented. 
There was a lot at stake then, and there's a lot at stake now, and we won't solve our problems if we expect it to be solved by a few supermen or superwomen. 
Now we need everybody, because it is only when we accept that everybody has value that we will liberate the energy and imagination and momentum we need to create the best beyond measure. 
Thank you. 
(Applause) 

This is my niece, Stella. 
She's just turned one and started to walk. 
And she's walking in that really cool way that one-year-olds do, a kind of teetering, my-body's-moving- too-fast-for-my-legs kind of way. 
It is absolutely gorgeous. 
And one of her favorite things to do at the moment is to stare at herself in the mirror. 
She absolutely loves her reflection. 
She giggles and squeals, and gives herself these big, wet kisses. 
It is beautiful. 
Apparently, all of her friends do this and my mom tells me that I used to do this, and it got me thinking: When did I stop doing this? 
When is it suddenly not okay to love the way that we look? 
Because apparently we don't. 
Ten thousand people every month google, "Am I ugly?" 
This is Faye. Faye is 13 and she lives in Denver. 
And like any teenager, she just wants to be liked and to fit in. 
It's Sunday night. 
She's getting ready for the week ahead at school. 
And she's slightly dreading it, and she's a bit confused because despite her mom telling her all the time that she's beautiful, every day at school, someone tells her that she's ugly. 
Because of the difference between what her mom tells her and what her friends at school, or her peers at school are telling her, she doesn't know who to believe. 
So, she takes a video of herself. She posts it to YouTube and she asks people to please leave a comment: "Am I pretty or am I ugly?" 
Well, so far, Faye has received over 13,000 comments. 
Some of them are so nasty, they don't bear thinking about. 
This is an average, healthy-looking teenage girl receiving this feedback at one of the most emotionally vulnerable times in her life. 
Thousands of people are posting videos like this, mostly teenage girls, reaching out in this way. 
But what's leading them to do this? 
Well, today's teenagers are rarely alone. 
They're under pressure to be online and available at all times, talking, messaging, liking, commenting, sharing, posting — it never ends. 
Never before have we been so connected, so continuously, so instantaneously, so young. 
And as one mom told me, it's like there's a party in their bedroom every night. 
There's simply no privacy. 
And the social pressures that go along with that are relentless. 
This always-on environment is training our kids to value themselves based on the number of likes they get and the types of comments that they receive. 
There's no separation between online and offline life. 
What's real or what isn't is really hard to tell the difference between. 
And it's also really hard to tell the difference between what's authentic and what's digitally manipulated. 
What's a highlight in someone's life versus what's normal in the context of everyday. 
And where are they looking to for inspiration? 
Well, you can see the kinds of images that are covering the newsfeeds of girls today. 
Size zero models still dominate our catwalks. 
Airbrushing is now routine. 
And trends like # thinspiration, # thighgap, # bikinibridge and # proana. 
For those who don't know, # proana means pro-anorexia. 
These trends are teamed with the stereotyping and flagrant objectification of women in today's popular culture. 
It is not hard to see what girls are benchmarking themselves against. 
But boys are not immune to this either. 
Aspiring to the chiseled jaw lines and ripped six packs of superhero-like sports stars and playboy music artists. 
But, what's the problem with all of this? 
Well, surely we want our kids to grow up as healthy, well balanced individuals. 
But in an image-obsessed culture, we are training our kids to spend more time and mental effort on their appearance at the expense of all of the other aspects of their identities. 
So, things like their relationships, the development of their physical abilities, and their studies and so on begin to suffer. 
Six out of 10 girls are now choosing not to do something because they don't think they look good enough. 
These are not trivial activities. 
These are fundamental activities to their development as humans and as contributors to society and to the workforce. 
Thirty-one percent, nearly one in three teenagers, are withdrawing from classroom debate. They're failing to engage in classroom debate because they don't want to draw attention to the way that they look. 
One in five are not showing up to class at all on days when they don't feel good about it. 
And when it comes to exams, if you don't think you look good enough, specifically if you don't think you are thin enough, you will score a lower grade point average than your peers who are not concerned with this. 
And this is consistent across Finland, the U.S. 
and China, and is true regardless of how much you actually weigh. 
So to be super clear, we're talking about the way you think you look, not how you actually look. 
Low body confidence is undermining academic achievement. 
But it's also damaging health. 
Teenagers with low body confidence do less physical activity, eat less fruits and vegetables, partake in more unhealthy weight control practices that can lead to eating disorders. 
They have lower self-esteem. 
They're more easily influenced by people around them and they're at greater risk of depression. 
And we think it's for all of these reasons that they take more risks with things like alcohol and drug use; crash dieting; cosmetic surgery; unprotected, earlier sex; and self-harm. 
The pursuit of the perfect body is putting pressure on our healthcare systems and costing our governments billions of dollars every year. 
And we don't grow out of it. 
Women who think they're overweight — again, regardless of whether they are or are not — have higher rates of absenteeism. 
Seventeen percent of women would not show up to a job interview on a day when they weren't feeling confident about the way that they look. 
Have a think about what this is doing to our economy. 
If we could overcome this, what that opportunity looks like. 
Unlocking this potential is in the interest of every single one of us. 
But how do we do that? 
Well, talking, on its own, only gets you so far. 
It's not enough by itself. 
If you actually want to make a difference, you have to do something. 
And we've learned there are three key ways: The first is we have to educate for body confidence. 
We have to help our teenagers develop strategies to overcome image-related pressures and build their self-esteem. 
Now, the good news is that there are many programs out there available to do this. 
The bad news is that most of them don't work. 
I was shocked to learn that many well-meaning programs are inadvertently actually making the situation worse. 
So we need to make damn sure that the programs that our kids are receiving are not only having a positive impact, but having a lasting impact as well. 
And the research shows that the best programs address six key areas: The first is the influence of family, friends and relationships. 
The second is media and celebrity culture, then how to handle teasing and bullying, the way we compete and compare with one another based on looks, talking about appearance — some people call this "" body talk "" or "" fat talk "" — and finally, the foundations of respecting and looking after yourself. 
These six things are crucial starting points for anyone serious about delivering body-confidence education that works. 
An education is critical, but tackling this problem is going to require each and everyone of us to step up and be better role models for the women and girls in our own lives. 
Challenging the status quo of how women are seen and talked about in our own circles. 
It is not okay that we judge the contribution of our politicians by their haircuts or the size of their breasts, or to infer that the determination or the success of an Olympian is down to her not being a looker. 
We need to start judging people by what they do, not what they look like. 
We can all start by taking responsibility for the types of pictures and comments that we post on our own social networks. 
We can compliment people based on their effort and their actions and not on their appearance. 
And let me ask you, when was the last time that you kissed a mirror? 
Ultimately, we need to work together as communities, as governments and as businesses to really change this culture of ours so that our kids grow up valuing their whole selves, valuing individuality, diversity, inclusion. 
We need to put the people that are making a real difference on our pedestals, making a difference in the real world. 
Giving them the airtime, because only then will we create a different world. 
A world where our kids are free to become the best versions of themselves, where the way they think they look never holds them back from being who they are or achieving what they want in life. 
Think about what this might mean for someone in your life. 
Who have you got in mind? 
Is it your wife? 
Your sister? 
Your daughter? 
Your niece? 
Your friend? It could just be the woman a couple of seats away from you today. 
What would it mean for her if she were freed from that voice of her inner critic, nagging her to have longer legs, thinner thighs, smaller stomach, shorter feet? 
What could it mean for her if we overcame this and unlocked her potential in that way? 
Right now, our culture's obsession with image is holding us all back. 
But let's show our kids the truth. 
Let's show them that the way you look is just one part of your identity and that the truth is we love them for who they are and what they do and how they make us feel. 
Let's build self-esteem into our school curriculums. 
Let's each and every one of us change the way we talk and compare ourselves to other people. 
And let's work together as communities, from grassroots to governments, so that the happy little one-year-olds of today become the confident changemakers of tomorrow. 
Let's do this. 
(Applause) 

And in the seat next to me was a high school student, a teenager, and she came from a really poor family. 
And she wanted to make something of her life, and she asked me a simple little question. 
And I think, jeez, I'm in the middle of a room of successful people! 
Nothing comes easily. But I have a lot of fun. "" Did he say fun? Rupert? Yes! 
I wasn't good enough; I wasn't smart enough. 
(Laughter) (Applause) Frank Gehry said to me, "My mother pushed me." (Laughter) 
TEDster Bill Gates says, "" I had an idea: founding the first micro-computer software company. "" I'd say it was a pretty good idea. 
And there's no magic to creativity in coming up with ideas — it's just doing some very simple things. 

I want to help you re-perceive what philanthropy is, what it could be, and what your relationship to it is. 
And in doing that, I want to offer you a vision, an imagined future, if you will, of how, as the poet Seamus Heaney has put it, "" Once in a lifetime the longed-for tidal wave of justice can rise up, and hope and history rhyme. "" I want to start with these word pairs here. 
We all know which side of these we'd like to be on. 
When philanthropy was reinvented a century ago, when the foundation form was actually invented, they didn't think of themselves on the wrong side of these either. 
In fact they would never have thought of themselves as closed and set in their ways, as slow to respond to new challenges, as small and risk-averse. 
And in fact they weren't. They were reinventing charity in those times, what Rockefeller called "" the business of benevolence. "" But by the end of the 20th century, a new generation of critics and reformers had come to see philanthropy just this way. 
The thing to watch for as a global philanthropy industry comes about — and that's exactly what is happening — is how the aspiration is to flip these old assumptions, for philanthropy to become open and big and fast and connected, in service of the long term. 
This entrepreneurial energy is emerging from many quarters. 
And it's driven and propelled forward by new leaders, like many of the people here, by new tools, like the ones we've seen here, and by new pressures. 
I've been following this change for quite a while now, and participating in it. 
This report is our main public report. 
What it tells is the story of how today actually could be as historic as 100 years ago. 
What I want to do is share some of the coolest things that are going on with you. 
And as I do that, I'm not going to dwell much on the very large philanthropy that everybody already knows about — the Gates or the Soros or the Google. 
Instead, what I want to do is talk about the philanthropy of all of us: the democratization of philanthropy. 
This is a moment in history when the average person has more power than at any time. 
What I'm going to do is look at five categories of experiments, each of which challenges an old assumption of philanthropy. 
The first is mass collaboration, represented here by Wikipedia. 
Now, this may surprise you. 
But remember, philanthropy is about giving of time and talent, not just money. 
Clay Shirky, that great chronicler of everything networked, has captured the assumption that this challenges in such a beautiful way. 
He said, "" We have lived in this world where little things are done for love and big things for money. 
Now we have Wikipedia. 
Suddenly big things can be done for love. "" Watch, this spring, for Paul Hawken's new book — Author and entrepreneur many of you may know about. 
The book is called "" Blessed Unrest. "" And when it comes out, a series of wiki sites under the label WISER, are going to launch at the same time. 
WISER stands for World Index for Social and Environmental Responsibility. 
WISER sets out to document, link and empower what Paul calls the largest movement, and fastest-growing movement in human history: humanity's collective immune response to today's threats. 
Now, all of these big things for love — experiments — aren't going to take off. 
But the ones that do are going to be the biggest, the most open, the fastest, the most connected form of philanthropy in human history. 
Second category is online philanthropy marketplaces. 
This is, of course, to philanthropy what eBay and Amazon are to commerce. 
Think of it as peer-to-peer philanthropy. 
And this challenges yet another assumption, which is that organized philanthropy is only for the very wealthy. 
Take a look, if you haven't, at DonorsChoose. 
Omidyar Network has made a big investment in DonorsChoose. 
It's one of the best known of these new marketplaces where a donor can go straight into a classroom and connect with what a teacher says they need. 
Take a look at Changing the Present, started by a TEDster, next time you need a wedding present or a holiday present. 
GiveIndia is for a whole country. 
And it goes on and on. 
The third category is represented by Warren Buffet, which I call aggregated giving. 
It's not just that Warren Buffet was so amazingly generous in that historic act last summer. 
It's that he challenged another assumption, that every giver should have his or her own fund or foundation. 
There are now, today, so many new funds that are aggregating giving and investing, bringing together people around a common goal, to think bigger. 
One of the best known is Acumen Fund, led by Jacqueline Novogratz, a TEDster who got a big boost here at TED. 
But there are many others: New Profit in Cambridge, New School's Venture Fund in Silicon Valley, Venture Philanthropy Partners in Washington, Global Fund for Women in San Francisco. 
Take a look at these. 
These funds are to philanthropy what venture capital, private equity, and eventually mutual funds are to investing, but with a twist — because often a community forms around these funds, as it has at Acumen and other places. 
Now, imagine for a second these first three types of experiments: mass collaboration, online marketplaces, aggregated giving. 
And understand how they help us re-perceive what organized philanthropy is. 
It's not about foundations necessarily; it's about the rest of us. 
And imagine the mash-up, if you will, of these things, in the future, when these things come together in the experiments of the future — imagine that somebody puts up, say, 100 million dollars for an inspiring goal — there were 21 gifts of 100 million dollars or more in the US last year, not out of the question — but only puts it up if it's matched by millions of small gifts from around the globe, thereby engaging lots of people, and building visibility and engaging people in the goal that's stated. 
I'm going to look quickly at the fourth and fifth categories, which are innovation, competitions and social investing. 
They're betting a visible competition, a prize, can attract talent and money to some of the most difficult issues, and thereby speed the solution. 
This tackles yet another assumption, that the giver and the organization is at the center, as opposed to putting the problem at the center. 
You can look to these innovators to help us especially with things that require technological or scientific solution. 
That leaves the final category, social investing, which is really, anyway, the biggest of them all, represented here by Xigi.net. 
And this, of course, tackles the biggest assumption of all, that business is business, and philanthropy is the vehicle of people who want to create change in the world. 
Xigi is a new community site that's built by the community, linking and mapping this new social capital market. 
It lists already 1,000 entities that are offering debt and equity for social enterprise. 
So we can look to these innovators to help us remember that if we can leverage even a small amount of the capital that seeks a return, the good that can be driven could be astonishing. 
Now, what's really interesting here is that we're not thinking our way into a new way of acting; we're acting our way into a new way of thinking. 
Philanthropy is reorganizing itself before our very eyes. 
And even though all of the experiments and all of the big givers don't yet fulfill this aspiration, I think this is the new zeitgeist: open, big, fast, connected, and, let us also hope, long. 
We have got to realize that it is going to take a long time to do these things. 
If we don't develop the stamina to stick with things — whatever it is you pick, stick with it — all of this stuff is just going to be, you know, a fad. 
But I'm really hopeful. 
And I'm hopeful because it's not only philanthropy that's reorganizing itself, it's also whole other portions of the social sector, and of business, that are busy challenging "" business as usual. "" And everywhere I go, including here at TED, I feel that there is a new moral hunger that is growing. 
What we're seeing is people really wrestling to describe what is this new thing that's happening. 
Words like "" philanthrocapitalism, "" and "" natural capitalism, "" and "" philanthroentrepreneur, "" and "" venture philanthropy. "" We don't have a language for it yet. 
Whatever we call it, it's new, it's beginning, and I think it's gong to quite significant. 
And that's where my imagined future comes in, which I am going to call the social singularity. 
Many of you will realize that I'm ripping a bit off of the science fiction writer Vernor Vinge's notion of a technological singularity, where a number of trends accelerate and converge and come together to create, really, a shockingly new reality. 
It may be that the social singularity ahead is the one that we fear the most: a convergence of catastrophes, of environmental degradation, of weapons of mass destruction, of pandemics, of poverty. 
That's because our ability to confront the problems that we face has not kept pace with our ability to create them. 
And as we've heard here, it is no exaggeration to say that we hold the future of our civilization in our hands as never before. 
The question is, is there a positive social singularity? 
Is there a frontier for us of how we live together? 
Our future doesn't have to be imagined. 
We can create a future where hope and history rhyme. 
But we have a problem. 
Our experience to date, both individually and collectively, hasn't prepared us for what we're going to need to do, or who we're going to need to be. 
We are going to need a new generation of citizen leaders willing to commit ourselves to growing and changing and learning as rapidly as possible. 
That's why I have one last thing I want to show you. 
This is a photograph taken about 100 years ago of my grandfather and great-grandfather. 
This is a newspaper publisher and a banker. 
And they were great community leaders. 
And, yes, they were great philanthropists. 
I keep this photograph close by to me — it's in my office — because I've always felt a mystical connection to these two men, both of whom I never knew. 
And so, in their honor, I want to offer you this blank slide. 
And I want you to imagine that this a photograph of you. 
And I want you to think about the community that you want to be part of creating. 
Whatever that means to you. 
And I want you to imagine that it's 100 years from now, and your grandchild, or great-grandchild, or niece or nephew or god-child, is looking at this photograph of you. 
What is the story you most want for them to tell? 
Thank you very much. 
(Applause) 

Cholera was reported in Haiti for the first time in over 50 years last October. 
There was no way to predict how far it would spread through water supplies and how bad the situation would get. 
And not knowing where help was needed always ensured that help was in short supply in the areas that needed it most. 
We've gotten good at predicting and preparing for storms before they take innocent lives and cause irreversible damage, but we still can't do that with water, and here's why. 
Right now, if you want to test water in the field, you need a trained technician, expensive equipment like this, and you have to wait about a day for chemical reactions to take place and provide results. 
It's too slow to get a picture of conditions on the ground before they change, too expensive to implement in all the places that require testing. 
And it ignores the fact that, in the meanwhile, people still need to drink water. 
Most of the information that we collected on the cholera outbreak didn't come from testing water; it came from forms like this, which documented all the people we failed to help. 
Countless lives have been saved by canaries in coalmines — a simple and invaluable way for miners to know whether they're safe. 
I've been inspired by that simplicity as I've been working on this problem with some of the most hardworking and brilliant people I've ever known. 
We think there's a simpler solution to this problem — one that can be used by people who face conditions like this everyday. 
It's in its early stages, but this is what it looks like right now. 
We call it the Water Canary. 
It's a fast, cheap device that answers an important question: Is this water contaminated? 
It doesn't require any special training. 
And instead of waiting for chemical reactions to take place, it uses light. 
That means there's no waiting for chemical reactions to take place, no need to use reagents that can run out and no need to be an expert to get actionable information. 
To test water, you simply insert a sample and, within seconds, it either displays a red light, indicating contaminated water, or a green light, indicating the sample is safe. 
This will make it possible for anyone to collect life-saving information and to monitor water quality conditions as they unfold. 
We're also, on top of that, integrating wireless networking into an affordable device with GPS and GSM. 
What that means is that each reading can be automatically transmitted to servers to be mapped in real time. 
With enough users, maps like this will make it possible to take preventive action, containing hazards before they turn into emergencies that take years to recover from. 
And then, instead of taking days to disseminate this information to the people who need it most, it can happen automatically. 
We've seen how distributed networks, big data and information can transform society. 
I think it's time for us to apply them to water. 
Our goal over the next year is to get Water Canary ready for the field and to open-source the hardware so that anyone can contribute to the development and the evaluation, so we can tackle this problem together. 
Thank you. 
(Applause) 

So this is my niece. 
Her name is Yahli. 
She is nine months old. 
Her mum is a doctor, and her dad is a lawyer. 
By the time Yahli goes to college, the jobs her parents do are going to look dramatically different. 
In 2013, researchers at Oxford University did a study on the future of work. 
They concluded that almost one in every two jobs have a high risk of being automated by machines. 
Machine learning is the technology that's responsible for most of this disruption. 
It's the most powerful branch of artificial intelligence. 
It allows machines to learn from data and mimic some of the things that humans can do. 
My company, Kaggle, operates on the cutting edge of machine learning. 
We bring together hundreds of thousands of experts to solve important problems for industry and academia. 
This gives us a unique perspective on what machines can do, what they can't do and what jobs they might automate or threaten. 
Machine learning started making its way into industry in the early '90s. 
It started with relatively simple tasks. 
It started with things like assessing credit risk from loan applications, sorting the mail by reading handwritten characters from zip codes. 
Over the past few years, we have made dramatic breakthroughs. 
Machine learning is now capable of far, far more complex tasks. 
In 2012, Kaggle challenged its community to build an algorithm that could grade high-school essays. 
The winning algorithms were able to match the grades given by human teachers. 
Last year, we issued an even more difficult challenge. 
Can you take images of the eye and diagnose an eye disease called diabetic retinopathy? 
Again, the winning algorithms were able to match the diagnoses given by human ophthalmologists. 
Now, given the right data, machines are going to outperform humans at tasks like this. 
A teacher might read 10,000 essays over a 40-year career. 
An ophthalmologist might see 50,000 eyes. 
A machine can read millions of essays or see millions of eyes within minutes. 
We have no chance of competing against machines on frequent, high-volume tasks. 
But there are things we can do that machines can't do. 
Where machines have made very little progress is in tackling novel situations. 
They can't handle things they haven't seen many times before. 
The fundamental limitations of machine learning is that it needs to learn from large volumes of past data. 
Now, humans don't. 
We have the ability to connect seemingly disparate threads to solve problems we've never seen before. 
Percy Spencer was a physicist working on radar during World War II, when he noticed the magnetron was melting his chocolate bar. 
He was able to connect his understanding of electromagnetic radiation with his knowledge of cooking in order to invent — any guesses? — the microwave oven. 
Now, this is a particularly remarkable example of creativity. 
But this sort of cross-pollination happens for each of us in small ways thousands of times per day. 
Machines cannot compete with us when it comes to tackling novel situations, and this puts a fundamental limit on the human tasks that machines will automate. 
So what does this mean for the future of work? 
The future state of any single job lies in the answer to a single question: To what extent is that job reducible to frequent, high-volume tasks, and to what extent does it involve tackling novel situations? 
On frequent, high-volume tasks, machines are getting smarter and smarter. 
Today they grade essays. They diagnose certain diseases. 
Over coming years, they're going to conduct our audits, and they're going to read boilerplate from legal contracts. 
Accountants and lawyers are still needed. 
They're going to be needed for complex tax structuring, for pathbreaking litigation. 
But machines will shrink their ranks and make these jobs harder to come by. 
Now, as mentioned, machines are not making progress on novel situations. 
The copy behind a marketing campaign needs to grab consumers' attention. 
It has to stand out from the crowd. 
Business strategy means finding gaps in the market, things that nobody else is doing. 
It will be humans that are creating the copy behind our marketing campaigns, and it will be humans that are developing our business strategy. 
So Yahli, whatever you decide to do, let every day bring you a new challenge. 
If it does, then you will stay ahead of the machines. 
Thank you. 
(Applause) 

If you're here today — and I'm very happy that you are — you've all heard about how sustainable development will save us from ourselves. 
When she came into my life, we were fighting against a huge waste facility planned for the East River waterfront despite the fact that our small part of New York City already handled more than 40 percent of the entire city's commercial waste: a sewage treatment pelletizing plant, a sewage sludge plant, four power plants, the world's largest food-distribution center, as well as other industries that bring more than 60,000 diesel truck trips to the area each week. 
(Laughter) (Applause) But those of us living in environmental justice communities are the canary in the coal mine. 
Environmental justice, for those of you who may not be familiar with the term, goes something like this: no community should be saddled with more environmental burdens and less environmental benefits than any other. 
Unfortunately, race and class are extremely reliable indicators as to where one might find the good stuff, like parks and trees, and where one might find the bad stuff, like power plants and waste facilities. 
And we all pay dearly for solid waste costs, health problems associated with pollution and more odiously, the cost of imprisoning our young black and Latino men, who possess untold amounts of untapped potential. 
And if you are told from your earliest days that nothing good is going to come from your community, that it's bad and ugly, how could it not reflect on you? 
Antiquated zoning and land-use regulations are still used to this day to continue putting polluting facilities in my neighborhood. 
Green roofs also retain up to 75 percent of rainfall, so they reduce a city's need to fund costly end-of-pipe solutions — which, incidentally, are often located in environmental justice communities like mine. 
But I'll tell you later, if you want to know. 
I do have a problem with developments that hyper-exploit politically vulnerable communities for profit. 
However, this city was blessed in the late 1990s with a highly-influential mayor named Enrique Peñalosa. 
Help me democratize sustainability by bringing everyone to the table, and insisting that comprehensive planning can be addressed everywhere. 

When I tried my first trick, it looked like this: (Laughter) I couldn't even do the simplest trick, but it was very natural for me, because I was not dextrous, and hated all sports. 
But after one week of practicing, my throws became more like this: A bit better. 
It took me hours and hours a day to build my skills up to the next level. 
And I won. 
I may get many sponsors, a lot of money, tons of interviews, and be on TV! "" I thought. 
(Laughter) But after coming back to Japan, totally nothing changed in my life. (Laughter) 
As a result of these efforts, and the help of many others, it happened. 
I won the World YoYo Contest again in the artistic performance division. 
(Applause) What I learned from the yo-yo is, if I make enough effort with huge passion, there is no impossible. 
(Applause) (Water sound) (Music) (Music ends) (Applause) (Music) (Music ends) (Applause) (Applause ends) (Music) (Applause) 

What I'm going to show you first, as quickly as I can, is some foundational work, some new technology that we brought to Microsoft as part of an acquisition almost exactly a year ago. 
And it doesn't matter how much information we're looking at, how big these collections are or how big the images are. 
Most of them are ordinary digital camera photos, but this one, for example, is a scan from the Library of Congress, and it's in the 300 megapixel range. 
It doesn't make any difference because the only thing that ought to limit the performance of a system like this one is the number of pixels on your screen at any given moment. 
To prove to you that it's really text, and not an image, we can do something like so, to really show that this is a real representation of the text; it's not a picture. 
We've done something with the corner of this particular issue of The Guardian. 
We've made up a fake ad that's very high resolution — much higher than in an ordinary ad — and we've embedded extra content. 
If you want to see the features of this car, you can see it here. 
Of course, mapping is one of those obvious applications for a technology like this. 
And this one I really won't spend any time on, except to say that we have things to contribute to this field as well. 
So let's pull up, now, something else. 
This is actually live on the Web now; you can go check it out. 
This is a project called Photosynth, which marries two different technologies. 
One of them is Seadragon and the other is some very beautiful computer-vision research done by Noah Snavely, a graduate student at the University of Washington, co-advised by Steve Seitz at U.W. 
The computer vision algorithms have registered these images together so that they correspond to the real space in which these shots — all taken near Grassi Lakes in the Canadian Rockies — all these shots were taken. 
I'm not sure if I have time to show you any other environments. 
And so these are all Flickr images, and they've all been related spatially in this way. 
We can just navigate in this very simple way. 
(Applause) (Applause ends) You know, I never thought that I'd end up working at Microsoft. 
(Laughter) I guess you can see this is lots of different types of cameras: it's everything from cell-phone cameras to professional SLRs, quite a large number of them, stitched together in this environment. 
If I can find some of the sort of weird ones — So many of them are occluded by faces, and so on. 
Their own photos are getting tagged with meta-data that somebody else entered. 
If somebody bothered to tag all of these saints and say who they all are, then my photo of Notre Dame Cathedral suddenly gets enriched with all of that data, and I can use it as an entry point to dive into that space, into that meta-verse, using everybody else's photos, and do a kind of a cross-modal and cross-user social experience that way. 
And of course, a by-product of all of that is immensely rich virtual models of every interesting part of the Earth, collected not just from overhead flights and from satellite images and so on, but from the collective memory. 
It's doing that based on the content inside the images. 

One way to change our genes is to make new ones, as Craig Venter has so elegantly shown. 
Another is to change our lifestyles. 
And what we're learning is how powerful and dynamic these changes can be, that you don't have to wait very long to see the benefits. 
When you eat healthier, manage stress, exercise and love more, your brain actually gets more blood flow and more oxygen. 
But more than that, your brain gets measurably bigger. 
Things that were thought impossible just a few years ago can actually be measured now. 
This was figured out by Robin Williams a few years before the rest of us. 
Now, there's some things that you can do to make your brain grow new brain cells. 
Some of my favorite things, like chocolate and tea, blueberries, alcohol in moderation, stress management and cannabinoids found in marijuana. 
I'm just the messenger. 
(Laughter) What were we just talking about? (Laughter) 
And other things that can make it worse, that can cause you to lose brain cells. 
The usual suspects, like saturated fat and sugar, nicotine, opiates, cocaine, too much alcohol and chronic stress. 
Your skin gets more blood flow when you change your lifestyle, so you age less quickly. Your skin doesn't wrinkle as much. 
Your heart gets more blood flow. 
We've shown that you can actually reverse heart disease. 
That these clogged arteries that you see on the upper left, after only a year become measurably less clogged. 
And the cardiac PET scan shown on the lower left, the blue means no blood flow. 
A year later — orange and white is maximum blood flow. 
We've shown you may be able to stop and reverse the progression of early prostate cancer and, by extension, breast cancer, simply by making these changes. 
We've found that tumor growth in vitro was inhibited 70 percent in the group that made these changes, whereas only nine percent in the comparison group. 
These differences were highly significant. 
Even your sexual organs get more blood flow, so you increase sexual potency. 
One of the most effective anti-smoking ads was done by the Department of Health Services, showing that nicotine, which constricts your arteries, can cause a heart attack or a stroke, but it also causes impotence. 
Half of guys who smoke are impotent. 
How sexy is that? 
Now we're also about to publish a study — the first study showing you can change gene expression in men with prostate cancer. 
This is what's called a heat map — and the different colors — and along the side, on the right, are different genes. 
And we found that over 500 genes were favorably changed — in effect, turning on the good genes, the disease-preventing genes, turning off the disease-promoting genes. 
And so these findings I think are really very powerful, giving many people new hope and new choices. 
And companies like Navigenics and DNA Direct and 23andMe, that are giving you your genetic profiles, are giving some people a sense of, "" Gosh, well, what can I do about it? "" Well, our genes are not our fate, and if we make these changes — they're a predisposition — but if we make bigger changes than we might have made otherwise, we can actually change how our genes are expressed. 
Thank you. 
(Applause) 

About a year ago, I asked myself a question: "" Knowing what I know, why am I not a vegetarian? "" After all, I'm one of the green guys: I grew up with hippie parents in a log cabin. 
I started a site called TreeHugger — I care about this stuff. 
I knew that eating a mere hamburger a day can increase my risk of dying by a third. 
Cruelty: I knew that the 10 billion animals we raise each year for meat are raised in factory farm conditions that we, hypocritically, wouldn't even consider for our own cats, dogs and other pets. 
Environmentally, meat, amazingly, causes more emissions than all of transportation combined: cars, trains, planes, buses, boats, all of it. 
And beef production uses 100 times the water that most vegetables do. 
I also knew that I'm not alone. 
We as a society are eating twice as much meat as we did in the 50s. 
So what was once the special little side treat now is the main, much more regular. 
So really, any of these angles should have been enough to convince me to go vegetarian. 
Yet, there I was — chk, chk, chk — tucking into a big old steak. 
So why was I stalling? 
I realized that what I was being pitched was a binary solution. 
It was either you're a meat eater or you're a vegetarian, and I guess I just wasn't quite ready. 
Imagine your last hamburger. 
(Laughter) So my common sense, my good intentions, were in conflict with my taste buds. 
And I'd commit to doing it later, and not surprisingly, later never came. 
Sound familiar? 
So I wondered, might there be a third solution? 
And I thought about it, and I came up with one. 
I've been doing it for the last year, and it's great. 
It's called weekday veg. 
The name says it all: Nothing with a face Monday through Friday. 
On the weekend, your choice. 
Simple. 
If you want to take it to the next level, remember, the major culprits in terms of environmental damage and health are red and processed meats. 
So you want to swap those out with some good, sustainably harvested fish. 
It's structured, so it ends up being simple to remember, and it's okay to break it here and there. 
After all, cutting five days a week is cutting 70 percent of your meat intake. 
The program has been great, weekday veg. 
My footprint's smaller, I'm lessening pollution, I feel better about the animals, I'm even saving money. 
Best of all, I'm healthier, I know that I'm going to live longer, and I've even lost a little weight. 
So, please ask yourselves, for your health, for your pocketbook, for the environment, for the animals: What's stopping you from giving weekday veg a shot? 
After all, if all of us ate half as much meat, it would be like half of us were vegetarians. 
Thank you. 
(Applause) 

What would be a good end of life? 
And I'm talking about the very end. 
I'm talking about dying. 
We all think a lot about how to live well. 
I'd like to talk about increasing our chances of dying well. 
I'm not a geriatrician. 
I design reading programs for preschoolers. 
What I know about this topic comes from a qualitative study with a sample size of two. 
In the last few years, I helped two friends have the end of life they wanted. 
Jim and Shirley Modini spent their 68 years of marriage living off the grid on their 1,700-acre ranch in the mountains of Sonoma County. 
They kept just enough livestock to make ends meet so that the majority of their ranch would remain a refuge for the bears and lions and so many other things that lived there. 
This was their dream. 
I met Jim and Shirley in their 80s. 
They were both only children who chose not to have kids. 
As we became friends, I became their trustee and their medical advocate, but more importantly, I became the person who managed their end-of-life experiences. 
And we learned a few things about how to have a good end. 
In their final years, Jim and Shirley faced cancers, fractures, infections, neurological illness. 
It's true. 
At the end, our bodily functions and independence are declining to zero. 
What we found is that, with a plan and the right people, quality of life can remain high. 
The beginning of the end is triggered by a mortality awareness event, and during this time, Jim and Shirley chose ACR nature preserves to take their ranch over when they were gone. 
This gave them the peace of mind to move forward. 
It might be a diagnosis. It might be your intuition. 
But one day, you're going to say, "" This thing is going to get me. "" Jim and Shirley spent this time letting friends know that their end was near and that they were okay with that. 
Dying from cancer and dying from neurological illness are different. 
In both cases, last days are about quiet reassurance. 
Jim died first. He was conscious until the very end, but on his last day he couldn't talk. 
Through his eyes, we knew when he needed to hear again, "" It is all set, Jim. We're going to take care of Shirley right here at the ranch, and ACR's going to take care of your wildlife forever. "" From this experience I'm going to share five practices. 
I've put worksheets online, so if you'd like, you can plan your own end. 
It starts with a plan. 
Most people say, "" I'd like to die at home. "" Eighty percent of Americans die in a hospital or a nursing home. 
Saying we'd like to die at home is not a plan. 
A lot of people say, "" If I get like that, just shoot me. "" This is not a plan either; this is illegal. 
(Laughter) A plan involves answering straightforward questions about the end you want. 
Where do you want to be when you're no longer independent? 
What do you want in terms of medical intervention? 
And who's going to make sure your plan is followed? 
You will need advocates. 
Having more than one increases your chance of getting the end you want. 
Don't assume the natural choice is your spouse or child. 
You want someone who has the time and proximity to do this job well, and you want someone who can work with people under the pressure of an ever-changing situation. 
Hospital readiness is critical. 
You are likely to be headed to the emergency room, and you want to get this right. 
Prepare a one-page summary of your medical history, medications and physician information. 
Put this in a really bright envelope with copies of your insurance cards, your power of attorney, and your do-not-resuscitate order. 
Have advocates keep a set in their car. 
Tape a set to your refrigerator. 
When you show up in the E.R. with this packet, your admission is streamlined in a material way. 
You're going to need caregivers. 
You'll need to assess your personality and financial situation to determine whether an elder care community or staying at home is your best choice. 
In either case, do not settle. 
We went through a number of not-quite-right caregivers before we found the perfect team led by Marsha, who won't let you win at bingo just because you're dying but will go out and take videos of your ranch for you when you can't get out there, and Caitlin, who won't let you skip your morning exercises but knows when you need to hear that your wife is in good hands. 
Finally, last words. 
What do you want to hear at the very end, and from whom would you like to hear it? 
In my experience, you'll want to hear that whatever you're worried about is going to be fine. 
When you believe it's okay to let go, you will. 
So, this is a topic that normally inspires fear and denial. 
What I've learned is if we put some time into planning our end of life, we have the best chance of maintaining our quality of life. 
Here are Jim and Shirley just after deciding who would take care of their ranch. 
Here's Jim just a few weeks before he died, celebrating a birthday he didn't expect to see. 
And here's Shirley just a few days before she died being read an article in that day's paper about the significance of the wildlife refuge at the Modini ranch. 
Jim and Shirley had a good end of life, and by sharing their story with you, I hope to increase our chances of doing the same. 
Thank you. 
(Applause) 

I have given the slide show that I gave here two years ago about 2,000 times. 
I'm giving a short slide show this morning that I'm giving for the very first time, so — well it's — I don't want or need to raise the bar, I'm actually trying to lower the bar. 
Because I've cobbled this together to try to meet the challenge of this session. 
And I was reminded by Karen Armstrong's fantastic presentation that religion really properly understood is not about belief, but about behavior. 
Perhaps we should say the same thing about optimism. 
How dare we be optimistic? 
Optimism is sometimes characterized as a belief, an intellectual posture. 
As Mahatma Gandhi famously said, "You must become the change you wish to see in the world." 
And the outcome about which we wish to be optimistic is not going to be created by the belief alone, except to the extent that the belief brings about new behavior. But the word "" behavior "" is also, I think, sometimes misunderstood in this context. 
I'm a big advocate of changing the lightbulbs and buying hybrids, and Tipper and I put 33 solar panels on our house, and dug the geothermal wells, and did all of that other stuff. 
But, as important as it is to change the lightbulbs, it is more important to change the laws. 
And when we change our behavior in our daily lives, we sometimes leave out the citizenship part and the democracy part. In order to be optimistic about this, we have to become incredibly active as citizens in our democracy. 
In order to solve the climate crisis, we have to solve the democracy crisis. 
And we have one. 
I have been trying to tell this story for a long time. 
I was reminded of that recently, by a woman who walked past the table I was sitting at, just staring at me as she walked past. She was in her 70s, looked like she had a kind face. I thought nothing of it until I saw from the corner of my eye she was walking from the opposite direction, also just staring at me. And so I said, "" How do you do? "" And she said, "" You know, if you dyed your hair black, you would look just like Al Gore. "" (Laughter) Many years ago, when I was a young congressman, I spent an awful lot of time dealing with the challenge 
of nuclear arms control — the nuclear arms race. 
And the military historians taught me, during that quest, that military conflicts are typically put into three categories: local battles, regional or theater wars, and the rare but all-important global, world war — strategic conflicts. 
And each level of conflict requires a different allocation of resources, a different approach, a different organizational model. 
Environmental challenges fall into the same three categories, and most of what we think about are local environmental problems: air pollution, water pollution, hazardous waste dumps. But there are also regional environmental problems, like acid rain from the Midwest to the Northeast, and from Western Europe to the Arctic, and from the Midwest out the Mississippi into the dead zone of the Gulf of Mexico. 
And there are lots of those. But the climate crisis is the rare but all-important global, or strategic, conflict. 
Everything is affected. And we have to organize our response appropriately. We need a worldwide, global mobilization for renewable energy, conservation, efficiency and a global transition to a low-carbon economy. 
We have work to do. And we can mobilize resources and political will. But the political will has to be mobilized, in order to mobilize the resources. 
Let me show you these slides here. 
I thought I would start with the logo. What's missing here, of course, is the North Polar ice cap. 
Greenland remains. Twenty-eight years ago, this is what the polar ice cap — the North Polar ice cap — looked like at the end of the summer, at the fall equinox. 
This last fall, I went to the Snow and Ice Data Center in Boulder, Colorado, and talked to the researchers here in Monterey at the Naval Postgraduate Laboratory. 
This is what's happened in the last 28 years. 
To put it in perspective, 2005 was the previous record. 
Here's what happened last fall that has really unnerved the researchers. 
The North Polar ice cap is the same size geographically — doesn't look quite the same size — but it is exactly the same size as the United States, minus an area roughly equal to the state of Arizona. 
The amount that disappeared in 2005 was equivalent to everything east of the Mississippi. 
The extra amount that disappeared last fall was equivalent to this much. It comes back in the winter, but not as permanent ice, as thin ice — vulnerable. The amount remaining could be completely gone in summer in as little as five years. 
That puts a lot of pressure on Greenland. 
Already, around the Arctic Circle — this is a famous village in Alaska. This is a town in Newfoundland. Antarctica. Latest studies from NASA. 
The amount of a moderate-to-severe snow melting of an area equivalent to the size of California. 
"" They were the best of times, they were the worst of times "": the most famous opening sentence in English literature. I want to share briefly a tale of two planets. Earth and Venus are exactly the same size. Earth's diameter is about 400 kilometers larger, but essentially the same size. 
They have exactly the same amount of carbon. 
But the difference is, on Earth, most of the carbon has been leeched over time out of the atmosphere, deposited in the ground as coal, oil, natural gas, etc. On Venus, most of it is in the atmosphere. The difference is that our temperature is 59 degrees on average. On Venus, it's 855. This is relevant to our current strategy of taking as much carbon out of the ground as quickly as possible, and putting it into the atmosphere. 
It's not because Venus is slightly closer to the Sun. 
It's three times hotter than Mercury, which is right next to the Sun. Now, briefly, here's an image you've seen, as one of the only old images, but I show it because I want to briefly give you CSI: Climate. 
The global scientific community says: man-made global warming pollution, put into the atmosphere, thickening this, is trapping more of the outgoing infrared. 
You all know that. At the last IPCC summary, the scientists wanted to say, "How certain are you?" They wanted to answer that "99 percent." 
The Chinese objected, and so the compromise was "more than 90 percent." 
Now, the skeptics say, "" Oh, wait a minute, this could be variations in this energy coming in from the sun. "" If that were true, the stratosphere would be heated as well as the lower atmosphere, if it's more coming in. 
If it's more being trapped on the way out, then you would expect it to be warmer here and cooler here. Here is the lower atmosphere. 
Here's the stratosphere: cooler. 
CSI: Climate. 
Now, here's the good news. Sixty-eight percent of Americans now believe that human activity is responsible for global warming. Sixty-nine percent believe that the Earth is heating up in a significant way. There has been progress, but here is the key: when given a list of challenges to confront, global warming is still listed at near the bottom. 
What is missing is a sense of urgency. 
If you agree with the factual analysis, but you don't feel the sense of urgency, where does that leave you? 
Well, the Alliance for Climate Protection, which I head in conjunction with Current TV — who did this pro bono — did a worldwide contest to do commercials on how to communicate this. 
This is the winner. 
NBC — I'll show all of the networks here — the top journalists for NBC asked 956 questions in 2007 of the presidential candidates: two of them were about the climate crisis. ABC: 844 questions, two about the climate crisis. 
Fox: two. CNN: two. CBS: zero. 
From laughs to tears — this is one of the older tobacco commercials. 
So here's what we're doing. 
This is gasoline consumption in all of these countries. And us. 
But it's not just the developed nations. 
The developing countries are now following us and accelerating their pace. And actually, their cumulative emissions this year are the equivalent to where we were in 1965. And they're catching up very dramatically. The total concentrations: by 2025, they will be essentially where we were in 1985. 
If the wealthy countries were completely missing from the picture, we would still have this crisis. 
But we have given to the developing countries the technologies and the ways of thinking that are creating the crisis. This is in Bolivia — over thirty years. 
This is peak fishing in a few seconds. The '60s. 
'70s. '80s.' 90s. We have to stop this. And the good news is that we can. 
We have the technologies. 
We have to have a unified view of how to go about this: the struggle against poverty in the world and the challenge of cutting wealthy country emissions, all has a single, very simple solution. 
People say, "" What's the solution? "" Here it is. 
Put a price on carbon. We need a CO2 tax, revenue neutral, to replace taxation on employment, which was invented by Bismarck — and some things have changed since the 19th century. 
In the poor world, we have to integrate the responses to poverty with the solutions to the climate crisis. 
Plans to fight poverty in Uganda are mooted, if we do not solve the climate crisis. 
But responses can actually make a huge difference in the poor countries. This is a proposal that has been talked about a lot in Europe. 
This was from Nature magazine. These are concentrating solar, renewable energy plants, linked in a so-called "" supergrid "" to supply all of the electrical power to Europe, largely from developing countries — high-voltage DC currents. 
This is not pie in the sky; this can be done. 
We need to do it for our own economy. 
The latest figures show that the old model is not working. There are a lot of great investments that you can make. If you are investing in tar sands or shale oil, then you have a portfolio that is crammed with sub-prime carbon assets. 
And it is based on an old model. 
Junkies find veins in their toes when the ones in their arms and their legs collapse. Developing tar sands and coal shale is the equivalent. Here are just a few of the investments that I personally think make sense. 
I have a stake in these, so I'll have a disclaimer there. 
But geothermal, concentrating solar, advanced photovoltaics, efficiency and conservation. 
You've seen this slide before, but there's a change. 
The only two countries that didn't ratify — and now there's only one. Australia had an election. 
And there was a campaign in Australia that involved television and Internet and radio commercials to lift the sense of urgency for the people there. 
And we trained 250 people to give the slide show in every town and village and city in Australia. 
Lot of other things contributed to it, but the new Prime Minister announced that his very first priority would be to change Australia's position on Kyoto, and he has. Now, they came to an awareness partly because of the horrible drought that they have had. 
This is Lake Lanier. My friend Heidi Cullen said that if we gave droughts names the way we give hurricanes names, we'd call the one in the southeast now Katrina, and we would say it's headed toward Atlanta. 
We can't wait for the kind of drought Australia had to change our political culture. 
Here's more good news. The cities supporting Kyoto in the U.S. 
are up to 780 — and I thought I saw one go by there, just to localize this — which is good news. 
Now, to close, we heard a couple of days ago about the value of making individual heroism so commonplace that it becomes banal or routine. 
What we need is another hero generation. Those of us who are alive in the United States of America today especially, but also the rest of the world, have to somehow understand that history has presented us with a choice — just as Jill [Bolte] Taylor was figuring out how to save her life while she was distracted by the amazing experience that she was going through. 
We now have a culture of distraction. 
But we have a planetary emergency. 
And we have to find a way to create, in the generation of those alive today, a sense of generational mission. 
I wish I could find the words to convey this. 
This was another hero generation that brought democracy to the planet. 
Another that ended slavery. And that gave women the right to vote. 
We can do this. Don't tell me that we don't have the capacity to do it. 
If we had just one week's worth of what we spend on the Iraq War, we could be well on the way to solving this challenge. 
We have the capacity to do it. 
One final point: I'm optimistic, because I believe we have the capacity, at moments of great challenge, to set aside the causes of distraction and rise to the challenge that history is presenting to us. 
Sometimes I hear people respond to the disturbing facts of the climate crisis by saying, "" Oh, this is so terrible. 
What a burden we have. "" I would like to ask you to reframe that. How many generations in all of human history have had the opportunity to rise to a challenge that is worthy of our best efforts? 
A challenge that can pull from us more than we knew we could do? I think we ought to approach this challenge with a sense of profound joy and gratitude that we are the generation about which, a thousand years from now, philharmonic orchestras and poets and singers will celebrate by saying, they were the ones that found it within themselves to solve this crisis and lay the basis for a bright and optimistic human future. 
Let's do that. Thank you very much. 
Chris Anderson: For so many people at TED, there is deep pain that basically a design issue on a voting form — one bad design issue meant that your voice wasn't being heard like that in the last eight years in a position where you could make these things come true. 
That hurts. 
Al Gore: You have no idea. (Laughter) CA: When you look at what the leading candidates in your own party are doing now — I mean, there's — are you excited by their plans on global warming? 
AG: The answer to the question is hard for me because, on the one hand, I think that we should feel really great about the fact that the Republican nominee — certain nominee — John McCain, and both of the finalists for the Democratic nomination — all three have a very different and forward-leaning position on the climate crisis. All three have offered leadership, and all three are very different from the approach taken by the current administration. And I think that all three have also been responsible in putting forward plans and proposals. But the campaign dialogue that — as illustrated by the questions — 
that was put together by the League of Conservation Voters, by the way, the analysis of all the questions — and, by the way, the debates have all been sponsored by something that goes by the Orwellian label, "" Clean Coal. "" Has anybody noticed that? 
Every single debate has been sponsored by "" Clean Coal. "" "Now, even lower emissions!" 
The richness and fullness of the dialogue in our democracy has not laid the basis for the kind of bold initiative that is really needed. 
So they're saying the right things and they may — whichever of them is elected — may do the right thing, but let me tell you: when I came back from Kyoto in 1997, with a feeling of great happiness that we'd gotten that breakthrough there, and then confronted the United States Senate, only one out of 100 senators was willing to vote to confirm, to ratify that treaty. Whatever the candidates say has to be laid alongside what the people say. 
This challenge is part of the fabric of our whole civilization. 
CO2 is the exhaling breath of our civilization, literally. 
And now we mechanized that process. Changing that pattern requires a scope, a scale, a speed of change that is beyond what we have done in the past. 
So that's why I began by saying, be optimistic in what you do, but be an active citizen. 
Demand — change the light bulbs, but change the laws. Change the global treaties. 
We have to speak up. We have to solve this democracy — this — We have sclerosis in our democracy. And we have to change that. 
Use the Internet. Go on the Internet. 
Connect with people. Become very active as citizens. 
Have a moratorium — we shouldn't have any new coal-fired generating plants that aren't able to capture and store CO2, which means we have to quickly build these renewable sources. 
Now, nobody is talking on that scale. But I do believe that between now and November, it is possible. 
This Alliance for Climate Protection is going to launch a nationwide campaign — grassroots mobilization, television ads, Internet ads, radio, newspaper — with partnerships with everybody from the Girl Scouts to the hunters and fishermen. 
We need help. We need help. 
CA: In terms of your own personal role going forward, Al, is there something more than that you would like to be doing? 
AG: I have prayed that I would be able to find the answer to that question. What can I do? 
Buckminster Fuller once wrote, "" If the future of all human civilization depended on me, what would I do? 
How would I be? "" It does depend on all of us, but again, not just with the light bulbs. 
We, most of us here, are Americans. We have a democracy. 
We can change things, but we have to actively change. 
What's needed really is a higher level of consciousness. 
And that's hard to — that's hard to create — but it is coming. 
There's an old African proverb that some of you know that says, "" If you want to go quickly, go alone; if you want to go far, go together. "" We have to go far, quickly. 
So we have to have a change in consciousness. 
A change in commitment. A new sense of urgency. 
A new appreciation for the privilege that we have of undertaking this challenge. 
CA: Al Gore, thank you so much for coming to TED. 
AG: Thank you. Thank you very much. 

I was born in Taiwan. 
I grew up surrounded by different types of hardware stores, and I like going to night markets. 
I love the energy of the night markets, the colors, the lights, the toys, and all the unexpected things I find every time I go, things like watermelon with straw antennas or puppies with mohawks. 
When I was growing up, I liked taking toys apart, any kind of toys I'd find around the house, like my brother's BB gun when he's not home. 
I also liked to make environments for people to explore and play. 
In these early installations, I would take plastic sheets, plastic bags, and things I would find in the hardware store or around the house. 
I would take things like highlighter pen, mix it with water, pump it through plastic tubing, creating these glowing circulatory systems for people to walk through and enjoy. 
I like these materials because of the way they look, the way they feel, and they're very affordable. 
I also liked to make devices that work with body parts. 
I would take camera LED lights and a bungee cord and strap it on my waist and I would videotape my belly button, get a different perspective, and see what it does. 
(Laughter) I also like to modify household appliances. 
This is an automatic night light. 
Some of you might have them at home. 
I would cut out the light sensor, add an extension line, and use modeling clay, stick it onto the television, and then I would videotape my eye, and using the dark part of my eye tricking the sensor into thinking it's night time, so you turn on the lightbulb. 
The white of the eye and the eyelid will trick the sensor into thinking it's daytime, and it will shut off the light. 
I wanted to collect more different types of eyes, so I built this device using bicycle helmets, some lightbulbs and television sets. 
It would be easier for other people to wear the helmet and record their eyes. 
This device allows me to symbolically extract other people's eyes, so I have a diversity of eyes to use for my other sculptures. 
This sculpture has four eyes. 
Each eye is controlling a different device. 
This eye is turning itself around in a television. 
This eye is inflating a plastic tube. 
This eye is watching a video of another piece being made. 
And these two eyes are activating glowing water. 
Many of these pieces are later on shown in museums, biennials, triennial exhibitions around the world. 
I love science and biology. 
In 2007, I was doing a research fellowship at the Smithsonian Natural History Museum looking at bioluminous organisms in the oean. 
I love these creatures. I love the way they look, the way they feel. 
They're soft, they're slimy, and I was fascinated by the way they use light in their environment, either to attract mates, for self-defense, or to attract food. 
This research inspired my work in many different ways, things like movement or different light patterns. 
So I started gathering a lot of different types of material in my studio and just experimenting and trying this out, trying that out, and seeing what types of creatures I can come up with. 
I used a lot of computer cooling fans and just kind of put them together and see what happens. 
This is an 8,000-square-foot installation composed of many different creatures, some hanging from the ceiling and some resting on the floor. 
From afar, they look alien-like, but when you look closer, they're all made out of black garbage bags or Tupperware containers. 
I'd like to share with you how ordinary things can become something magical and wondrous. 
(Applause) Thank you. (Applause) 

It was November 1, 2002, my first day as a principal, but hardly my first day in the school district of Philadelphia. 
I graduated from Philadelphia public schools, and I went on to teach special education for 20 years in a low-income, low-performing school in North Philadelphia, where crime is rampant and deep poverty is among the highest in the nation. 
Shortly after I walked into my new school, a huge fight broke out among the girls. 
After things were quickly under control, I immediately called a meeting in the school's auditorium to introduce myself as the school's new principal. 
(Applause) I walked in angry, a little nervous — (Laughter) — but I was determined to set the tone for my new students. 
I started listing as forcefully as I could my expectations for their behavior and my expectations for what they would learn in school. 
When, all of a sudden, a girl way in the back of the auditorium, she stood up and she said, "" Miss! 
Miss! "" When our eyes locked, she said, "" Why do you keep calling this a school? 
This is not a school. "" In one outburst, Ashley had expressed what I felt and never quite was able to articulate about my own experience when I attended a low-performing school in the same neighborhood, many, many, many years earlier. 
That school was definitely not a school. 
Fast forwarding a decade later to 2012, I was entering my third low-performing school as principal. 
I was to be Strawberry Mansion's fourth principal in four years. 
It was labeled "" low-performing and persistently dangerous "" due to its low test scores and high number of weapons, drugs, assaults and arrests. 
Shortly as I approached the door of my new school and attempted to enter, and found the door locked with chains, I could hear Ashley's voice in my ears going, "" Miss! Miss! 
This is not a school. "" The halls were dim and dark from poor lighting. 
There were tons of piles of broken old furniture and desks in the classrooms, and there were thousands of unused materials and resources. 
This was not a school. 
As the year progressed, I noticed that the classrooms were nearly empty. 
The students were just scared: scared to sit in rows in fear that something would happen; scared because they were often teased in the cafeteria for eating free food. 
They were scared from all the fighting and all the bullying. 
This was not a school. 
And then, there were the teachers, who were incredibly afraid for their own safety, so they had low expectations for the students and themselves, and they were totally unaware of their role in the destruction of the school's culture. 
This was the most troubling of all. 
You see, Ashley was right, and not just about her school. 
For far too many schools, for kids who live in poverty, their schools are really not schools at all. 
But this can change. 
Let me tell you how it's being done at Strawberry Mansion High School. 
Anybody who's ever worked with me will tell you I am known for my slogans. 
(Laughter) So today, I am going to use three that have been paramount in our quest for change. 
My first slogan is: if you're going to lead, lead. 
I always believed that what happens in a school and what does not happen in a school is up to the principal. 
I am the principal, and having that title required me to lead. 
I was not going to stay in my office, I was not going to delegate my work, and I was not going to be afraid to address anything that was not good for children, whether that made me liked or not. 
I am a leader, so I know I cannot do anything alone. 
So, I assembled a top-notch leadership team who believed in the possibility of all the children, and together, we tackled the small things, like resetting every single locker combination by hand so that every student could have a secure locker. 
We decorated every bulletin board in that building with bright, colorful, and positive messages. 
We took the chains off the front doors of the school. 
We got the lightbulbs replaced, and we cleaned every classroom to its core, recycling every, every textbook that was not needed, and discarded thousands of old materials and furniture. 
We used two dumpsters per day. 
And, of course, of course, we tackled the big stuff, like rehauling the entire school budget so that we can reallocate funds to have more teachers and support staff. 
We rebuilt the entire school day schedule from scratch to add a variety of start and end times, remediation, honors courses, extracurricular activities, and counseling, all during the school day. 
All during the school day. 
We created a deployment plan that specified where every single support person and police officer would be every minute of the day, and we monitored at every second of the day, and, our best invention ever, we devised a schoolwide discipline program titled "" Non-negotiables. "" It was a behavior system — designed to promote positive behavior at all times. 
The results? 
Strawberry Mansion was removed from the Persistently Dangerous List our first year after being — (Applause) — after being on the Persistently Dangerous List for five consecutive years. 
Leaders make the impossible possible. 
That brings me to my second slogan: So what? Now what? 
(Laughter) (Applause) When we looked at the data, and we met with the staff, there were many excuses for why Strawberry Mansion was low-performing and persistently dangerous. 
They said that only 68 percent of the kids come to school on a regular basis, 100 percent of them live in poverty, only one percent of the parents participate, many of the children come from incarceration and single-parent homes, 39 percent of the students have special needs, and the state data revealed that six percent of the students were proficient in algebra, and 10 were proficient in literature. 
After they got through telling us all the stories of how awful the conditions and the children were, I looked at them, and I said, "" So what. Now what? 
What are we gonna do about it? "" (Applause) Eliminating excuses at every turn became my primary responsibility. 
We addressed every one of those excuses through a mandatory professional development, paving the way for intense focus on teaching and learning. 
After many observations, what we determined was that teachers knew what to teach but they did not know how to teach so many children with so many vast abilities. 
So, we developed a lesson delivery model for instruction that focused on small group instruction, making it possible for all the students to get their individual needs met in the classroom. 
The results? 
After one year, state data revealed that our scores have grown by 171 percent in Algebra and 107 percent in literature. 
(Applause) We have a very long way to go, a very long way to go, but we now approach every obstacle with a "" So What. Now What? "" attitude. 
And that brings me to my third and final slogan. 
(Laughter) If nobody told you they loved you today, you remember I do, and I always will. 
My students have problems: social, emotional and economic problems you could never imagine. 
Some of them are parents themselves, and some are completely alone. 
If someone asked me my real secret for how I truly keep Strawberry Mansion moving forward, I would have to say that I love my students and I believe in their possibilities unconditionally. 
When I look at them, I can only see what they can become, and that is because I am one of them. 
I grew up poor in North Philadelphia too. 
I know what it feels like to go to a school that's not a school. 
I know what it feels like to wonder if there's ever going to be any way out of poverty. 
But because of my amazing mother, I got the ability to dream despite the poverty that surrounded me. 
So — (Applause) — if I'm going to push my students toward their dream and their purpose in life, I've got to get to know who they are. 
So I have to spend time with them, so I manage the lunchroom every day. 
(Laughter) And while I'm there, I talk to them about deeply personal things, and when it's their birthday, I sing "" Happy Birthday "" even though I cannot sing at all. (Laughter) 
I often ask them, "Why do you want me to sing when I cannot sing at all?" (Laughter) 
And they respond by saying, "Because we like feeling special." 
We hold monthly town hall meetings to listen to their concerns, to find out what is on their minds. 
They ask us questions like, "" Why do we have to follow rules? "" "Why are there so many consequences?" 
"Why can't we just do what we want to do?" 
(Laughter) They ask, and I answer each question honestly, and this exchange in listening helps to clear up any misconceptions. 
Every moment is a teachable moment. 
My reward, my reward for being non-negotiable in my rules and consequences is their earned respect. 
I insist on it, and because of this, we can accomplish things together. 
They are clear about my expectations for them, and I repeat those expectations every day over the P.A. system. 
I remind them — (Laughter) I remind them of those core values of focus, tradition, excellence, integrity and perseverance, and I remind them every day how education can truly change their lives. 
And I end every announcement the same: "" If nobody told you they loved you today, you remember I do, and I always will. "" Ashley's words of "" Miss, Miss, this is not a school, "" is forever etched in my mind. 
If we are truly going to make real progress in addressing poverty, then we have to make sure that every school that serves children in poverty is a real school, a school, a school — (Applause) — a school that provides them with knowledge and mental training to navigate the world around them. 
I do not know all the answers, but what I do know is for those of us who are privileged and have the responsibility of leading a school that serves children in poverty, we must truly lead, and when we are faced with unbelievable challenges, we must stop and ask ourselves, "" So what. Now what? 
What are we going to do about it? "" And as we lead, we must never forget that every single one of our students is just a child, often scared by what the world tells them they should be, and no matter what the rest of the world tells them they should be, we should always provide them with hope, our undivided attention, unwavering belief in their potential, consistent expectations, and we must tell them often, if nobody told them they loved them today, remember we do, and we always will. 
Thank you. 
(Applause) Thank you, Jesus. 

Well, that's kind of an obvious statement up there. 
I started with that sentence about 12 years ago, and I started in the context of developing countries, but you're sitting here from every corner of the world. 
So if you think of a map of your country, I think you'll realize that for every country on Earth, you could draw little circles to say, "These are places where good teachers won't go." 
On top of that, those are the places from where trouble comes. 
So we have an ironic problem — good teachers don't want to go to just those places where they're needed the most. 
I started in 1999 to try and address this problem with an experiment, which was a very simple experiment in New Delhi. 
I basically embedded a computer into a wall of a slum in New Delhi. 
The children barely went to school, they didn't know any English — they'd never seen a computer before, and they didn't know what the internet was. 
I connected high speed internet to it — it's about three feet off the ground — turned it on and left it there. 
After this, we noticed a couple of interesting things, which you'll see. 
But I repeated this all over India and then through a large part of the world and noticed that children will learn to do what they want to learn to do. 
This is the first experiment that we did — eight year-old boy on your right teaching his student, a six year-old girl, and he was teaching her how to browse. 
This boy here in the middle of central India — this is in a Rajasthan village, where the children recorded their own music and then played it back to each other and in the process, they've enjoyed themselves thoroughly. 
They did all of this in four hours after seeing the computer for the first time. 
In another South Indian village, these boys here had assembled a video camera and were trying to take the photograph of a bumble bee. 
They downloaded it from Disney.com, or one of these websites, 14 days after putting the computer in their village. 
So at the end of it, we concluded that groups of children can learn to use computers and the internet on their own, irrespective of who or where they were. 
At that point, I became a little more ambitious and decided to see what else could children do with a computer. 
We started off with an experiment in Hyderabad, India, where I gave a group of children — they spoke English with a very strong Telugu accent. 
I gave them a computer with a speech-to-text interface, which you now get free with Windows, and asked them to speak into it. 
So when they spoke into it, the computer typed out gibberish, so they said, "" Well, it doesn't understand anything of what we are saying. "" So I said, "" Yeah, I'll leave it here for two months. 
Make yourself understood to the computer. "" So the children said, "" How do we do that. "" And I said, "I don't know, actually." 
(Laughter) And I left. (Laughter) 
Two months later — and this is now documented in the Information Technology for International Development journal — that accents had changed and were remarkably close to the neutral British accent in which I had trained the speech-to-text synthesizer. 
In other words, they were all speaking like James Tooley. 
(Laughter) So they could do that on their own. 
After that, I started to experiment with various other things that they might learn to do on their own. 
I got an interesting phone call once from Columbo, from the late Arthur C. Clarke, who said, "" I want to see what's going on. "" And he couldn't travel, so I went over there. 
He said two interesting things, "A teacher that can be replaced by a machine should be." 
(Laughter) The second thing he said was that, "" If children have interest, then education happens. "" And I was doing that in the field, so every time I would watch it and think of him. 
(Video) Arthur C. Clarke: And they can definitely help people, because children quickly learn to navigate the web and find things which interest them. 
And when you've got interest, then you have education. 
Sugata Mitra: I took the experiment to South Africa. 
This is a 15 year-old boy. 
(Video) Boy:... just mention, I play games like animals, and I listen to music. 
SM: And I asked him, "" Do you send emails? "" And he said, "" Yes, and they hop across the ocean. "" This is in Cambodia, rural Cambodia — a fairly silly arithmetic game, which no child would play inside the classroom or at home. 
They would, you know, throw it back at you. 
They'd say, "" This is very boring. "" If you leave it on the pavement and if all the adults go away, then they will show off with each other about what they can do. 
This is what these children are doing. 
They are trying to multiply, I think. 
And all over India, at the end of about two years, children were beginning to Google their homework. 
As a result, the teachers reported tremendous improvements in their English — (Laughter) rapid improvement and all sorts of things. 
They said, "" They have become really deep thinkers and so on and so forth. 
(Laughter) And indeed they had. 
I mean, if there's stuff on Google, why would you need to stuff it into your head? 
So at the end of the next four years, I decided that groups of children can navigate the internet to achieve educational objectives on their own. 
At that time, a large amount of money had come into Newcastle University to improve schooling in India. 
So Newcastle gave me a call. I said, "" I'll do it from Delhi. "" They said, "" There's no way you're going to handle a million pounds-worth of University money sitting in Delhi. "" So in 2006, I bought myself a heavy overcoat and moved to Newcastle. 
I wanted to test the limits of the system. 
The first experiment I did out of Newcastle was actually done in India. 
And I set myself and impossible target: can Tamil speaking 12-year-old children in a South Indian village teach themselves biotechnology in English on their own? 
And I thought, I'll test them, they'll get a zero — I'll give the materials, I'll come back and test them — they get another zero, I'll go back and say, "" Yes, we need teachers for certain things. "" I called in 26 children. 
They all came in there, and I told them that there's some really difficult stuff on this computer. 
I wouldn't be surprised if you didn't understand anything. 
It's all in English, and I'm going. 
(Laughter) So I left them with it. 
I came back after two months, and the 26 children marched in looking very, very quiet. 
I said, "" Well, did you look at any of the stuff? "" They said, "" Yes, we did. "" "Did you understand anything?" "No, nothing." 
So I said, "" Well, how long did you practice on it before you decided you understood nothing? "" They said, "" We look at it every day. "" So I said, "" For two months, you were looking at stuff you didn't understand? "" So a 12 year-old girl raises her hand and says, literally, "" Apart from the fact that improper replication of the DNA molecule causes genetic disease, we've understood nothing else. "" (Laughter) (Applause) (Laughter) It took me three years to publish that. 
It's just been published in the British Journal of Educational Technology. 
One of the referees who refereed the paper said, "It's too good to be true," which was not very nice. 
Well, one of the girls had taught herself to become the teacher. 
And then that's her over there. 
Remember, they don't study English. 
I edited out the last bit when I asked, "" Where is the neuron? "" and she says, "" The neuron? The neuron, "" and then she looked and did this. 
Whatever the expression, it was not very nice. 
So their scores had gone up from zero to 30 percent, which is an educational impossibility under the circumstances. 
But 30 percent is not a pass. 
So I found that they had a friend, a local accountant, a young girl, and they played football with her. 
I asked that girl, "" Would you teach them enough biotechnology to pass? "" And she said, "" How would I do that? I don't know the subject. "" I said, "" No, use the method of the grandmother. "" She said, "" What's that? "" I said, "" Well, what you've got to do is stand behind them and admire them all the time. 
Just say to them, 'That's cool. That's fantastic. 
What is that? Can you do that again? Can you show me some more? '"" She did that for two months. 
The scores went up to 50, which is what the posh schools of New Delhi, with a trained biotechnology teacher were getting. 
So I came back to Newcastle with these results and decided that there was something happening here that definitely was getting very serious. 
So, having experimented in all sorts of remote places, I came to the most remote place that I could think of. 
(Laughter) Approximately 5,000 miles from Delhi is the little town of Gateshead. 
In Gateshead, I took 32 children and I started to fine-tune the method. 
I made them into groups of four. 
I said, "" You make your own groups of four. 
Each group of four can use one computer and not four computers. "" Remember, from the Hole in the Wall. 
"" You can exchange groups. 
You can walk across to another group, if you don't like your group, etc. 
You can go to another group, peer over their shoulders, see what they're doing, come back to you own group and claim it as your own work. "" And I explained to them that, you know, a lot of scientific research is done using that method. 
(Laughter) (Applause) The children enthusiastically got after me and said, "Now, what do you want us to do?" 
I gave them six GCSE questions. 
The first group — the best one — solved everything in 20 minutes. 
The worst, in 45. 
They used everything that they knew — news groups, Google, Wikipedia, Ask Jeeves, etc. 
The teachers said, "" Is this deep learning? "" I said, "" Well, let's try it. 
I'll come back after two months. 
We'll give them a paper test — no computers, no talking to each other, etc. "" The average score when I'd done it with the computers and the groups was 76 percent. 
When I did the experiment, when I did the test, after two months, the score was 76 percent. 
There was photographic recall inside the children, I suspect because they're discussing with each other. 
A single child in front of a single computer will not do that. 
I have further results, which are almost unbelievable, of scores which go up with time. 
Because their teachers say that after the session is over, the children continue to Google further. 
Here in Britain, I put out a call for British grandmothers, after my Kuppam experiment. 
Well, you know, they're very vigorous people, British grandmothers. 
200 of them volunteered immediately. 
(Laughter) The deal was that they would give me one hour of broadband time, sitting in their homes, one day in a week. 
So they did that, and over the last two years, over 600 hours of instruction has happened over Skype, using what my students call the granny cloud. 
The granny cloud sits over there. 
I can beam them to whichever school I want to. 
(Video) Teacher: You can't catch me. 
You say it. 
You can't catch me. 
Children: You can't catch me. 
Teacher: I'm the gingerbread man. 
Children: I'm the gingerbread man. 
Teacher: Well done. Very good... 
SM: Back at Gateshead, a 10-year-old girl gets into the heart of Hinduism in 15 minutes. 
You know, stuff which I don't know anything about. 
Two children watch a TEDTalk. 
They wanted to be footballers before. 
After watching eight TEDTalks, he wants to become Leonardo da Vinci. 
(Laughter) (Applause) It's pretty simple stuff. 
This is what I'm building now — they're called SOLEs: Self Organized Learning Environments. 
The furniture is designed so that children can sit in front of big, powerful screens, big broadband connections, but in groups. 
If they want, they can call the granny cloud. 
This is a SOLE in Newcastle. 
The mediator is from Pune, India. 
So how far can we go? One last little bit and I'll stop. 
I went to Turin in May. 
I sent all the teachers away from my group of 10 year-old students. 
I speak only English, they speak only Italian, so we had no way to communicate. 
I started writing English questions on the blackboard. 
The children looked at it and said, "" What? "" I said, "" Well, do it. "" They typed it into Google, translated it into Italian, went back into Italian Google. 
Fifteen minutes later — next question: where is Calcutta? 
This one, they took only 10 minutes. 
I tried a really hard one then. 
Who was Pythagoras, and what did he do? 
There was silence for a while, then they said, "" You've spelled it wrong. 
It's Pitagora. "" And then, in 20 minutes, the right-angled triangles began to appear on the screens. 
This sent shivers up my spine. 
These are 10 year-olds. 
Text: In another 30 minutes they would reach the Theory of Relativity. And then? 
(Laughter) (Applause) SM: So you know what's happened? 
I think we've just stumbled across a self-organizing system. 
A self-organizing system is one where a structure appears without explicit intervention from the outside. 
Self-organizing systems also always show emergence, which is that the system starts to do things, which it was never designed for. 
Which is why you react the way you do, because it looks impossible. 
I think I can make a guess now — education is self-organizing system, where learning is an emergent phenomenon. 
It'll take a few years to prove it, experimentally, but I'm going to try. 
But in the meanwhile, there is a method available. 
One billion children, we need 100 million mediators — there are many more than that on the planet — 10 million SOLEs, 180 billion dollars and 10 years. 
We could change everything. 
Thanks. 
(Applause) 

(Music) Roughly 43,000 years ago, a young cave bear died in the rolling hills on the northwest border of modern day Slovenia. 
A thousand years later, a mammoth died in southern Germany. 
A few centuries after that, a griffon vulture also died in the same vicinity. 
And we know almost nothing about how these animals met their deaths, but these different creatures dispersed across both time and space did share one remarkable fate. 
After their deaths, a bone from each of their skeletons was crafted by human hands into a flute. 
Think about that for a second. 
Imagine you're a caveman, 40,000 years ago. 
You've mastered fire. 
You've built simple tools for hunting. 
You've learned how to craft garments from animal skins to keep yourself warm in the winter. 
What would you choose to invent next? 
It seems preposterous that you would invent the flute, a tool that created useless vibrations in air molecules. 
But that is exactly what our ancestors did. 
Now this turns out to be surprisingly common in the history of innovation. 
Sometimes people invent things because they want to stay alive or feed their children or conquer the village next door. 
But just as often, new ideas come into the world simply because they're fun. 
And here's the really strange thing: many of those playful but seemingly frivolous inventions ended up sparking momentous transformations in science, in politics and society. 
Take what may be the most important invention of modern times: programmable computers. 
Now, the standard story is that computers descend from military technology, since many of the early computers were designed specifically to crack wartime codes or calculate rocket trajectories. 
But in fact, the origins of the modern computer are much more playful, even musical, than you might imagine. 
The idea behind the flute, of just pushing air through tubes to make a sound, was eventually modified to create the first organ more than 2,000 years ago. 
Someone came up with the brilliant idea of triggering sounds by pressing small levers with our fingers, inventing the first musical keyboard. 
Now, keyboards evolved from organs to clavichords to harpsichords to the piano, until the middle of the 19th century, when a bunch of inventors finally hit on the idea of using a keyboard to trigger not sounds but letters. 
In fact, the very first typewriter was originally called "" the writing harpsichord. "" Flutes and music led to even more powerful breakthroughs. 
About a thousand years ago, at the height of the Islamic Renaissance, three brothers in Baghdad designed a device that was an automated organ. 
They called it "" the instrument that plays itself. "" Now, the instrument was basically a giant music box. 
The organ could be trained to play various songs by using instructions encoded by placing pins on a rotating cylinder. 
And if you wanted the machine to play a different song, you just swapped a new cylinder in with a different code on it. 
This instrument was the first of its kind. 
It was programmable. 
Now, conceptually, this was a massive leap forward. 
The whole idea of hardware and software becomes thinkable for the first time with this invention. 
And that incredibly powerful concept didn't come to us as an instrument of war or of conquest, or necessity at all. 
It came from the strange delight of watching a machine play music. 
In fact, the idea of programmable machines was exclusively kept alive by music for about 700 years. 
In the 1700s, music-making machines became the playthings of the Parisian elite. 
Showmen used the same coded cylinders to control the physical movements of what were called automata, an early kind of robot. 
One of the most famous of those robots was, you guessed it, an automated flute player designed by a brilliant French inventor named Jacques de Vaucanson. 
And as de Vaucanson was designing his robot musician, he had another idea. 
If you could program a machine to make pleasing sounds, why not program it to weave delightful patterns of color out of cloth? 
Instead of using the pins of the cylinder to represent musical notes, they would represent threads with different colors. 
If you wanted a new pattern for your fabric, you just programmed a new cylinder. 
This was the first programmable loom. 
Now, the cylinders were too expensive and time-consuming to make, but a half century later, another French inventor named Jacquard hit upon the brilliant idea of using paper-punched cards instead of metal cylinders. 
Paper turned out to be much cheaper and more flexible as a way of programming the device. 
That punch card system inspired Victorian inventor Charles Babbage to create his analytical engine, the first true programmable computer ever designed. 
And punch cards were used by computer programmers as late as the 1970s. 
So ask yourself this question: what really made the modern computer possible? 
Yes, the military involvement is an important part of the story, but inventing a computer also required other building blocks: music boxes, toy robot flute players, harpsichord keyboards, colorful patterns woven into fabric, and that's just a small part of the story. 
There's a long list of world-changing ideas and technologies that came out of play: public museums, rubber, probability theory, the insurance business and many more. 
Necessity isn't always the mother of invention. 
The playful state of mind is fundamentally exploratory, seeking out new possibilities in the world around us. 
And that seeking is why so many experiences that started with simple delight and amusement eventually led us to profound breakthroughs. 
Now, I think this has implications for how we teach kids in school and how we encourage innovation in our workspaces, but thinking about play and delight this way also helps us detect what's coming next. 
Think about it: if you were sitting there in 1750 trying to figure out the big changes coming to society in the 19th, the 20th centuries, automated machines, computers, artificial intelligence, a programmable flute entertaining the Parisian elite would have been as powerful a clue as anything else at the time. 
It seemed like an amusement at best, not useful in any serious way, but it turned out to be the beginning of a tech revolution that would change the world. 
You'll find the future wherever people are having the most fun. 

Last year I showed these two slides so that demonstrate that the arctic ice cap, which for most of the last three million years has been the size of the lower 48 states, has shrunk by 40 percent. 
But this understates the seriousness of this particular problem because it doesn't show the thickness of the ice. 
The arctic ice cap is, in a sense, the beating heart of the global climate system. 
It expands in winter and contracts in summer. 
The next slide I show you will be a rapid fast-forward of what's happened over the last 25 years. 
The permanent ice is marked in red. 
As you see, it expands to the dark blue — that's the annual ice in winter, and it contracts in summer. 
The so-called permanent ice, five years old or older, you can see is almost like blood, spilling out of the body here. 
In 25 years it's gone from this, to this. 
This is a problem because the warming heats up the frozen ground around the Arctic Ocean, where there is a massive amount of frozen carbon which, when it thaws, is turned into methane by microbes. 
Compared to the total amount of global warming pollution in the atmosphere, that amount could double if we cross this tipping point. 
Already in some shallow lakes in Alaska, methane is actively bubbling up out of the water. 
Professor Katey Walter from the University of Alaska went out with another team to another shallow lake last winter. 
Video: Whoa! (Laughter) Al Gore: She's okay. The question is whether we will be. 
And one reason is, this enormous heat sink heats up Greenland from the north. 
This is an annual melting river. 
But the volumes are much larger than ever. 
This is the Kangerlussuaq River in southwest Greenland. 
If you want to know how sea level rises from land-base ice melting this is where it reaches the sea. 
These flows are increasing very rapidly. 
At the other end of the planet, Antarctica the largest mass of ice on the planet. 
Last month scientists reported the entire continent is now in negative ice balance. 
And west Antarctica cropped up on top some under-sea islands, is particularly rapid in its melting. 
That's equal to 20 feet of sea level, as is Greenland. 
In the Himalayas, the third largest mass of ice: at the top you see new lakes, which a few years ago were glaciers. 
40 percent of all the people in the world get half of their drinking water from that melting flow. 
In the Andes, this glacier is the source of drinking water for this city. 
The flows have increased. 
But when they go away, so does much of the drinking water. 
In California there has been a 40 percent decline in the Sierra snowpack. 
This is hitting the reservoirs. 
And the predictions, as you've read, are serious. 
This drying around the world has lead to a dramatic increase in fires. 
And the disasters around the world have been increasing at an absolutely extraordinary and unprecedented rate. 
Four times as many in the last 30 years as in the previous 75. 
This is a completely unsustainable pattern. 
If you look at in the context of history you can see what this is doing. 
In the last five years we've added 70 million tons of CO2 every 24 hours — 25 million tons every day to the oceans. 
Look carefully at the area of the eastern Pacific, from the Americas, extending westward, and on either side of the Indian subcontinent, where there is a radical depletion of oxygen in the oceans. 
The biggest single cause of global warming, along with deforestation, which is 20 percent of it, is the burning of fossil fuels. 
Oil is a problem, and coal is the most serious problem. 
The United States is one of the two largest emitters, along with China. 
And the proposal has been to build a lot more coal plants. 
But we're beginning to see a sea change. 
Here are the ones that have been cancelled in the last few years with some green alternatives proposed. 
(Applause) However there is a political battle in our country. 
And the coal industries and the oil industries spent a quarter of a billion dollars in the last calendar year promoting clean coal, which is an oxymoron. 
That image reminded me of something. 
(Laughter) Around Christmas, in my home in Tennessee, a billion gallons of coal sludge was spilled. 
You probably saw it on the news. 
This, all over the country, is the second largest waste stream in America. 
This happened around Christmas. 
One of the coal industry's ads around Christmas was this one. 
Video: ♪ ♫ Frosty the coal man is a jolly, happy soul. 
He's abundant here in America, and he helps our economy grow. 
Frosty the coal man is getting cleaner everyday. 
He's affordable and adorable, and workers keep their pay. 
Al Gore: This is the source of much of the coal in West Virginia. 
The largest mountaintop miner is the head of Massey Coal. 
Video: Don Blankenship: Let me be clear about it. Al Gore, Nancy Pelosi, Harry Reid, they don't know what they're talking about. 
Al Gore: So the Alliance for Climate Protection has launched two campaigns. 
This is one of them, part of one of them. 
Video: Actor: At COALergy we view climate change as a very serious threat to our business. 
That's why we've made it our primary goal to spend a large sum of money on an advertising effort to help bring out and complicate the truth about coal. 
The fact is, coal isn't dirty. 
We think it's clean — smells good, too. 
So don't worry about climate change. 
Leave that up to us. 
(Laughter) Video: Actor: Clean coal — you've heard a lot about it. 
So let's take a tour of this state-of-the-art clean coal facility. 
Amazing! The machinery is kind of loud. 
But that's the sound of clean coal technology. 
And while burning coal is one of the leading causes of global warming, the remarkable clean coal technology you see here changes everything. 
Take a good long look: this is today's clean coal technology. 
Al Gore: Finally, the positive alternative meshes with our economic challenge and our national security challenge. 
Video: Narrator: America is in crisis — the economy, national security, the climate crisis. 
The thread that links them all: our addiction to carbon based fuels, like dirty coal and foreign oil. 
But now there is a bold new solution to get us out of this mess. 
Repower America with 100 percent clean electricity within 10 years. 
A plan to put America back to work, make us more secure, and help stop global warming. 
Finally, a solution that's big enough to solve our problems. 
Repower America. Find out more. 
Al Gore: This is the last one. 
Video: Narrator: It's about repowering America. 
One of the fastest ways to cut our dependence on old dirty fuels that are killing our planet. 
Man: Future's over here. Wind, sun, a new energy grid. 
Man # 2: New investments to create high-paying jobs. 
Narrator: Repower America. It's time to get real. 
Al Gore: There is an old African proverb that says, "" If you want to go quickly, go alone. 
If you want to go far, go together. "" We need to go far, quickly. 
Thank you very much. 
(Applause) 

Everyone needs a coach. 
It doesn't matter whether you're a basketball player, a tennis player, a gymnast or a bridge player. 
(Laughter) My bridge coach, Sharon Osberg, says there are more pictures of the back of her head than anyone else's in the world. (Laughter) Sorry, Sharon. Here you go. 
We all need people who will give us feedback. 
That's how we improve. 
Unfortunately, there's one group of people who get almost no systematic feedback to help them do their jobs better, and these people have one of the most important jobs in the world. 
I'm talking about teachers. 
When Melinda and I learned how little useful feedback most teachers get, we were blown away. 
Until recently, over 98 percent of teachers just got one word of feedback: Satisfactory. 
If all my bridge coach ever told me was that I was "" satisfactory, "" I would have no hope of ever getting better. 
How would I know who was the best? 
How would I know what I was doing differently? 
Today, districts are revamping the way they evaluate teachers, but we still give them almost no feedback that actually helps them improve their practice. 
Our teachers deserve better. 
The system we have today isn't fair to them. 
It's not fair to students, and it's putting America's global leadership at risk. 
So today I want to talk about how we can help all teachers get the tools for improvement they want and deserve. 
Let's start by asking who's doing well. 
Well, unfortunately there's no international ranking tables for teacher feedback systems. 
So I looked at the countries whose students perform well academically, and looked at what they're doing to help their teachers improve. 
Consider the rankings for reading proficiency. 
The U.S. isn't number one. 
We're not even in the top 10. 
We're tied for 15th with Iceland and Poland. 
Now, out of all the places that do better than the U.S. in reading, how many of them have a formal system for helping teachers improve? 
Eleven out of 14. 
The U.S. is tied for 15th in reading, but we're 23rd in science and 31st in math. 
So there's really only one area where we're near the top, and that's in failing to give our teachers the help they need to develop their skills. 
Let's look at the best academic performer: the province of Shanghai, China. 
Now, they rank number one across the board, in reading, math and science, and one of the keys to Shanghai's incredible success is the way they help teachers keep improving. 
They made sure that younger teachers get a chance to watch master teachers at work. 
They have weekly study groups, where teachers get together and talk about what's working. 
They even require each teacher to observe and give feedback to their colleagues. 
You might ask, why is a system like this so important? 
It's because there's so much variation in the teaching profession. 
Some teachers are far more effective than others. 
In fact, there are teachers throughout the country who are helping their students make extraordinary gains. 
If today's average teacher could become as good as those teachers, our students would be blowing away the rest of the world. 
So we need a system that helps all our teachers be as good as the best. 
What would that system look like? 
Well, to find out, our foundation has been working with 3,000 teachers in districts across the country on a project called Measures of Effective Teaching. 
We had observers watch videos of teachers in the classroom and rate how they did on a range of practices. 
For example, did they ask their students challenging questions? 
Did they find multiple ways to explain an idea? 
We also had students fill out surveys with questions like, "" Does your teacher know when the class understands a lesson? "" "Do you learn to correct your mistakes?" 
And what we found is very exciting. 
First, the teachers who did well on these observations had far better student outcomes. 
So it tells us we're asking the right questions. 
And second, teachers in the program told us that these videos and these surveys from the students were very helpful diagnostic tools, because they pointed to specific places where they can improve. 
I want to show you what this video component of MET looks like in action. 
(Music) (Video) Sarah Brown Wessling: Good morning everybody. 
Let's talk about what's going on today. 
To get started, we're doing a peer review day, okay? 
A peer review day, and our goal by the end of class is for you to be able to determine whether or not you have moves to prove in your essays. 
My name is Sarah Brown Wessling. 
I am a high school English teacher at Johnston High School in Johnston, Iowa. 
Turn to somebody next to you. 
Tell them what you think I mean when I talk about moves to prove. I've talk about — I think that there is a difference for teachers between the abstract of how we see our practice and then the concrete reality of it. 
Okay, so I would like you to please bring up your papers. 
I think what video offers for us is a certain degree of reality. 
You can't really dispute what you see on the video, and there is a lot to be learned from that, and there are a lot of ways that we can grow as a profession when we actually get to see this. 
I just have a flip camera and a little tripod and invested in this tiny little wide-angle lens. 
At the beginning of class, I just perch it in the back of the classroom. It's not a perfect shot. 
It doesn't catch every little thing that's going on. 
But I can hear the sound. I can see a lot. 
And I'm able to learn a lot from it. 
So it really has been a simple but powerful tool in my own reflection. 
All right, let's take a look at the long one first, okay? 
Once I'm finished taping, then I put it in my computer, and then I'll scan it and take a peek at it. 
So having the notes is a part of my thinking process, and I discover what I'm seeing as I'm writing. 
I really have used it for my own personal growth and my own personal reflection on teaching strategy and methodology and classroom management, and just all of those different facets of the classroom. 
I'm glad that we've actually done the process before so we can kind of compare what works, what doesn't. 
I think that video exposes so much of what's intrinsic to us as teachers in ways that help us learn and help us understand, and then help our broader communities understand what this complex work is really all about. 
I think it is a way to exemplify and illustrate things that we cannot convey in a lesson plan, things you cannot convey in a standard, things that you cannot even sometimes convey in a book of pedagogy. 
Alrighty, everybody, have a great weekend. 
I'll see you later. 
[Every classroom could look like that] (Applause) Bill Gates: One day, we'd like every classroom in America to look something like that. 
But we still have more work to do. 
Diagnosing areas where a teacher needs to improve is only half the battle. 
We also have to give them the tools they need to act on the diagnosis. 
If you learn that you need to improve the way you teach fractions, you should be able to watch a video of the best person in the world teaching fractions. 
So building this complete teacher feedback and improvement system won't be easy. 
For example, I know some teachers aren't immediately comfortable with the idea of a camera in the classroom. 
That's understandable, but our experience with MET suggests that if teachers manage the process, if they collect video in their own classrooms, and they pick the lessons they want to submit, a lot of them will be eager to participate. 
Building this system will also require a considerable investment. 
Our foundation estimates that it could cost up to five billion dollars. 
Now that's a big number, but to put it in perspective, it's less than two percent of what we spend every year on teacher salaries. 
The impact for teachers would be phenomenal. 
We would finally have a way to give them feedback, as well as the means to act on it. 
But this system would have an even more important benefit for our country. 
It would put us on a path to making sure all our students get a great education, find a career that's fulfilling and rewarding, and have a chance to live out their dreams. 
This wouldn't just make us a more successful country. 
It would also make us a more fair and just one, too. 
I'm excited about the opportunity to give all our teachers the support they want and deserve. 
I hope you are too. 
Thank you. 
(Applause) 

So just by a show of hands, how many of you all have a robot at home? 
Not very many of you. 
Okay. And actually of those hands, if you don't include Roomba how many of you have a robot at home? 
So a couple. 
That's okay. 
That's the problem that we're trying to solve at Romotive — that I and the other 20 nerds at Romotive are obsessed with solving. 
So we really want to build a robot that anyone can use, whether you're eight or 80. 
And as it turns out, that's a really hard problem, because you have to build a small, portable robot that's not only really affordable, but it has to be something that people actually want to take home and have around their kids. 
This robot can't be creepy or uncanny. 
He should be friendly and cute. 
So meet Romo. 
Romo's a robot that uses a device you already know and love — your iPhone — as his brain. 
And by leveraging the power of the iPhone's processor, we can create a robot that is wi-fi enabled and computer vision-capable for 150 bucks, which is about one percent of what these kinds of robots have cost in the past. 
When Romo wakes up, he's in creature mode. 
So he's actually using the video camera on the device to follow my face. 
If I duck down, he'll follow me. 
He's wary, so he'll keep his eyes on me. 
If I come over here, he'll turn to follow me. 
If I come over here — (Laughs) He's smart. 
And if I get too close to him, he gets scared just like any other creature. 
So in a lot of ways, Romo is like a pet that has a mind of his own. 
Thanks, little guy. 
(Sneezing sound) Bless you. 
And if I want to explore the world — uh-oh, Romo's tired — if I want to explore the world with Romo, I can actually connect him from any other iOS device. 
So here's the iPad. 
And Romo will actually stream video to this device. 
So I can see everything that Romo sees, and I get a robot's-eye-view of the world. 
Now this is a free app on the App Store, so if any of you guys had this app on your phones, we could literally right now share control of the robot and play games together. 
So I'll show you really quickly, Romo actually — he's streaming video, so you can see me and the entire TED audience. 
If I get in front of Romo here. 
And if I want to control him, I can just drive. 
So I can drive him around, and I can take pictures of you. 
I've always wanted a picture of a 1,500-person TED audience. 
So I'll snap a picture. 
And in the same way that you scroll through content on an iPad, I can actually adjust the angle of the camera on the device. 
So there are all of you through Romo's eyes. 
And finally, because Romo is an extension of me, I can express myself through his emotions. 
So I can go in and I can say let's make Romo excited. 
But the most important thing about Romo is that we wanted to create something that was literally completely intuitive. 
You do not have to teach someone how to drive Romo. 
In fact, who would like to drive a robot? 
Okay. Awesome. 
Here you go. 
Thank you, Scott. 
And even cooler, you actually don't have to be in the same geographic location as the robot to control him. 
So he actually streams two-way audio and video between any two smart devices. 
So you can log in through the browser, and it's kind of like Skype on wheels. 
So we were talking before about telepresence, and this is a really cool example. 
You can imagine an eight-year-old girl, for example, who has an iPhone, and her mom buys her a robot. 
That girl can take her iPhone, put it on the robot, send an email to Grandma, who lives on the other side of the country. 
Grandma can log into that robot and play hide-and-go-seek with her granddaughter for fifteen minutes every single night, when otherwise she might only be able to get to see her granddaughter once or twice a year. 
Thanks, Scott. 
(Applause) So those are a couple of the really cool things that Romo can do today. 
But I just want to finish by talking about something that we're working on in the future. 
This is actually something that one of our engineers, Dom, built in a weekend. 
It's built on top of a Google open framework called Blockly. 
This allows you to drag and drop these blocks of semantic code and create any behavior for this robot you want. 
You do not have to know how to code to create a behavior for Romo. 
And you can actually simulate that behavior in the browser, which is what you see Romo doing on the left. 
And then if you have something you like, you can download it onto your robot and execute it in real life, run the program in real life. 
And then if you have something you're proud of, you can share it with every other person who owns a robot in the world. 
So all of these wi-fi – enabled robots actually learn from each other. 
The reason we're so focused on building robots that everyone can train is that we think the most compelling use cases in personal robotics are personal. 
They change from person to person. 
So we think that if you're going to have a robot in your home, that robot ought to be a manifestation of your own imagination. 
So I wish that I could tell you what the future of personal robotics looks like. 
To be honest, I have no idea. 
But what we do know is that it isn't 10 years or 10 billion dollars or a large humanoid robot away. 
The future of personal robotics is happening today, and it's going to depend on small, agile robots like Romo and the creativity of people like yourselves. 
So we can't wait to get you all robots, and we can't wait to see what you build. 
Thank you. 
(Applause) 

This is an ambucycle. 
This is the fastest way to reach any medical emergency. 
It has everything an ambulance has except for a bed. 
You see the defibrillator. You see the equipment. 
We all saw the tragedy that happened in Boston. 
When I was looking at these pictures, it brought me back many years to my past when I was a child. 
I grew up in a small neighborhood in Jerusalem. 
When I was six years old, I was walking back from school on a Friday afternoon with my older brother. 
We were passing by a bus stop. 
We saw a bus blow up in front of our eyes. 
The bus was on fire, and many people were hurt and killed. 
I remembered an old man yelling to us and crying to help us get him up. 
He just needed someone helping him. 
We were so scared and we just ran away. 
Growing up, I decided I wanted to become a doctor and save lives. 
Maybe that was because of what I saw when I was a child. 
When I was 15, I took an EMT course, and I went to volunteer on an ambulance. 
For two years, I volunteered on an ambulance in Jerusalem. 
I helped many people, but whenever someone really needed help, I never got there in time. We never got there. 
The traffic is so bad. The distance, and everything. 
We never got there when somebody really needed us. 
One day, we received a call about a seven-year-old child choking from a hot dog. 
Traffic was horrific, and we were coming from the other side of town in the north part of Jerusalem. 
When we got there, 20 minutes later, we started CPR on the kid. 
A doctor comes in from a block away, stop us, checks the kid, and tells us to stop CPR. 
That second he declared this child dead. 
At that moment, I understood that this child died for nothing. 
If this doctor, who lived one block away from there, would have come 20 minutes earlier, not have to wait until that siren he heard before coming from the ambulance, if he would have heard about it way before, he would have saved this child. 
He could have run from a block away. 
He could have saved this child. 
I said to myself, there must be a better way. 
Together with 15 of my friends — we were all EMTs — we decided, let's protect our neighborhood, so when something like that happens again, we will be there running to the scene a lot before the ambulance. 
So I went over to the manager of the ambulance company and I told him, "" Please, whenever you have a call coming into our neighborhood, we have 15 great guys who are willing to stop everything they're doing and run and save lives. 
We'll buy these beepers, just tell your dispatch to send us the beeper, and we will run and save lives. "" Well, he was laughing. I was 17 years old. I was a kid. 
And he said to me — I remember this like yesterday — he was a great guy, but he said to me, "" Kid, go to school, or go open a falafel stand. 
We're not really interested in these kinds of new adventures. 
We're not interested in your help. "" And he threw me out of the room. 
"" I don't need your help, "" he said. 
I was a very stubborn kid. 
As you see now, I'm walking around like crazy, meshugenah. 
(Laughter) (Applause) So I decided to use the Israeli very famous technique you've probably all heard of, chutzpah. (Laughter) And the next day, I went and I bought two police scanners, and I said, "" The hell with you, if you don't want to give me information, I'll get the information myself. "" And we did turns, who's going to listen to the radio scanners. 
The next day, while I was listening to the scanners, I heard about a call coming in of a 70-year-old man hurt by a car only one block away from me on the main street of my neighborhood. 
I ran there by foot. I had no medical equipment. 
When I got there, the 70-year-old man was lying on the floor, blood was gushing out of his neck. 
He was on Coumadin. 
I knew I had to stop his bleeding or else he would die. 
I took off my yarmulke, because I had no medical equipment, and with a lot of pressure, I stopped his bleeding. 
When the ambulance arrived 15 minutes later, I gave them over a patient who was alive. 
(Applause) When I went to visit him two days later, he gave me a hug and was crying and thanking me for saving his life. 
At that moment, when I realized this is the first person I ever saved in my life after two years volunteering in an ambulance, I knew this is my life's mission. 
So today, 22 years later, we have United Hatzalah. 
(Applause) "" Hatzalah "" means "" rescue, "" for all of you who don't know Hebrew. 
So we have thousands of volunteers who are passionate about saving lives, and they're spread all around, so whenever a call comes in, they just stop everything and go and run and save a life. 
Our average response time today went down to less than three minutes in Israel. 
(Applause) I'm talking about heart attacks, I'm talking about car accidents, God forbid bomb attacks, shootings, whatever it is, even a woman 3 o'clock in the morning falling in her home and needs someone to help her. 
Three minutes, we'll have a guy with his pajamas running to her house and helping her get up. 
The reasons why we're so successful are because of three things. 
Thousands of passionate volunteers who will leave everything they do and run to help people they don't even know. 
We're not there to replace ambulances. 
We're just there to get the gap between the ambulance call until they arrive. 
And we save people that otherwise would not be saved. 
The second reason is because of our technology. 
You know, Israelis are good in technology. 
Every one of us has on his phone, no matter what kind of phone, a GPS technology done by NowForce, and whenever a call comes in, the closest five volunteers get the call, and they actually get there really quick, and navigated by a traffic navigator to get there and not waste time. 
And this is a great technology we use all over the country and reduce the response time. 
And the third thing are these ambucycles. 
These ambucycles are an ambulance on two wheels. 
We don't transfer people, but we stabilize them, and we save their lives. 
They never get stuck in traffic. They could even go on a sidewalk. 
That's why we get there so fast. 
A few years after I started this organization, in a Jewish community, two Muslims from east Jerusalem called me up. 
They ask me to meet. They wanted to meet with me. 
Muhammad Asli and Murad Alyan. 
When Muhammad told me his personal story, how his father, 55 years old, collapsed at home, had a cardiac arrest, and it took over an hour for an ambulance arrive, and he saw his father die in front of his eyes, he asked me, "" Please start this in east Jerusalem. "" I said to myself, I saw so much tragedy, so much hate, and it's not about saving Jews. It's not about saving Muslims. 
It's not about saving Christians. It's about saving people. 
So I went ahead, full force — (Applause) — and I started United Hatzalah in east Jerusalem, and that's why the names United and Hatzalah match so well. 
We started hand in hand saving Jews and Arabs. 
Arabs were saving Jews. Jews were saving Arabs. 
Arabs and Jews, they don't always get along together, but here in this situation, the communities, literally, it's an unbelievable situation that happened, the diversities, all of a sudden they had a common interest: Let's save lives together. 
Settlers were saving Arabs and Arabs were saving settlers. 
And these are all volunteers. 
No one is getting money. 
They're all doing it for the purpose of saving lives. 
When my own father collapsed a few years ago from a cardiac arrest, one of the first volunteers to arrive to save my father was one of these Muslim volunteers from east Jerusalem who was in the first course to join Hatzalah. 
Could you imagine how I felt in that moment? 
When I started this organization, I was 17 years old. 
I never imagined that one day I'd be speaking at TEDMED. 
I never even knew what TEDMED was then. 
I don't think it existed, but I never imagined, I never imagined that it's going to go all around, it's going to spread around, and this last year we started in Panama and Brazil. 
All I need is a partner who is a little meshugenah like me, passionate about saving lives, and willing to do it. 
And I'm actually starting it in India very soon with a friend who I met in Harvard just a while back. 
Hatzalah actually started in Brooklyn by a Hasidic Jew years before us in Williamsburg, and now it's all over the Jewish community in New York, even Australia and Mexico and many other Jewish communities. 
But it could spread everywhere. 
It's very easy to adopt. 
You even saw these volunteers in New York saving lives in the World Trade Center. 
Last year alone, we treated in Israel 207,000 people. 
Forty-two thousand of them were life-threatening situations. 
And we made a difference. 
I guess you could call this a lifesaving flash mob, and it works. 
When I look all around here, I see lots of people who would go an extra mile, run an extra mile to save other people, no matter who they are, no matter what religion, no matter who, where they come from. 
We all want to be heroes. 
We just need a good idea, motivation and lots of chutzpah, and we could save millions of people that otherwise would not be saved. 
Thank you very much. 
(Applause) 

