Thank you so much, Chris. 
And it's truly a great honor to have the opportunity to come to this stage twice; I'm extremely grateful. 
I have been blown away by this conference, and I want to thank all of you for the many nice comments about what I had to say the other night. 
And I say that sincerely, partly because (Mock sob) I need that. 
(Laughter) Put yourselves in my position. 
(Laughter) I flew on Air Force Two for eight years. 
(Laughter) Now I have to take off my shoes or boots to get on an airplane! 
(Laughter) (Applause) I'll tell you one quick story to illustrate what that's been like for me. 
(Laughter) It's a true story -- every bit of this is true. 
Soon after Tipper and I left the -- (Mock sob) White House -- (Laughter) we were driving from our home in Nashville to a little farm we have 50 miles east of Nashville. 
Driving ourselves. 
(Laughter) I know it sounds like a little thing to you, but -- (Laughter) I looked in the rear-view mirror and all of a sudden it just hit me. 
There was no motorcade back there. 
(Laughter) You've heard of phantom limb pain? 
(Laughter) This was a rented Ford Taurus. 
(Laughter) It was dinnertime, and we started looking for a place to eat. 
We were on I-40. 
We got to Exit 238, Lebanon, Tennessee. 
We got off the exit, we found a Shoney's restaurant. 
Low-cost family restaurant chain, for those of you who don't know it. 
We went in and sat down at the booth, and the waitress came over, made a big commotion over Tipper. 
(Laughter) She took our order, and then went to the couple in the booth next to us, and she lowered her voice so much, I had to really strain to hear what she was saying. 
And she said "Yes, that's former Vice President Al Gore and his wife, Tipper." 
And the man said, "He's come down a long way, hasn't he?" 
(Laughter) (Applause) There's been kind of a series of epiphanies. 
(Laughter) The very next day, continuing the totally true story, I got on a G-V to fly to Africa to make a speech in Nigeria, in the city of Lagos, on the topic of energy. 
And I began the speech by telling them the story of what had just happened the day before in Nashville. 
And I told it pretty much the same way I've just shared it with you: Tipper and I were driving ourselves, Shoney's, low-cost family restaurant chain, what the man said -- they laughed. 
I gave my speech, then went back out to the airport to fly back home. 
I fell asleep on the plane until, during the middle of the night, we landed on the Azores Islands for refueling. 
I woke up, they opened the door, I went out to get some fresh air, and I looked, and there was a man running across the runway. 
And he was waving a piece of paper, and he was yelling, "Call Washington! Call Washington!" 
And I thought to myself, in the middle of the night, in the middle of the Atlantic, what in the world could be wrong in Washington? 
Then I remembered it could be a bunch of things. 
(Laughter) But what it turned out to be, was that my staff was extremely upset because one of the wire services in Nigeria had already written a story about my speech, and it had already been printed in cities all across the United States of America. 
It was printed in Monterey, I checked. 
(Laughter) And the story began, "Former Vice President Al Gore announced in Nigeria yesterday," quote: 'My wife Tipper and I have opened a low-cost family restaurant'" -- (Laughter) "'named Shoney's, and we are running it ourselves.'" (Laughter) Before I could get back to U.S. soil, David Letterman and Jay Leno had already started in on -- one of them had me in a big white chef's hat, Tipper was saying, "One more burger with fries!" 
(Laughter) Three days later, I got a nice, long, handwritten letter from my friend and partner and colleague Bill Clinton, saying, "Congratulations on the new restaurant, Al!" 
(Laughter) We like to celebrate each other's successes in life. 
(Laughter) I was going to talk about information ecology. 
But I was thinking that, since I plan to make a lifelong habit of coming back to TED, that maybe I could talk about that another time. 
(Applause) Chris Anderson: It's a deal! 
(Applause) Al Gore: I want to focus on what many of you have said you would like me to elaborate on: What can you do about the climate crisis? 
I want to start with a couple of -- I'm going to show some new images, and I'm going to recapitulate just four or five. 
Now, the slide show. 
I add new images, because I learn more about it every time I give it. 
It's like beach-combing, you know? 
Every time the tide comes in and out, you find some more shells. 
Just in the last two days, we got the new temperature records in January. 
This is just for the United States of America. 
Historical average for Januarys is 31 degrees; last month was 39.5 degrees. 
Now, I know that you wanted some more bad news about the environment -- I'm kidding. 
But these are the recapitulation slides, and then I'm going to go into new material about what you can do. 
But I wanted to elaborate on a couple of these. 
First of all, this is where we're projected to go with the U.S. contribution to global warming, under business as usual. 
Efficiency in end-use electricity and end-use of all energy is the low-hanging fruit. 
Efficiency and conservation -- it's not a cost; it's a profit. 
It's not negative; it's positive. 
These are investments that pay for themselves. 
But they are also very effective in deflecting our path. 
Cars and trucks -- I talked about that in the slideshow, but I want you to put it in perspective. 
It's an easy, visible target of concern -- and it should be -- but there is more global warming pollution that comes from buildings than from cars and trucks. 
Cars and trucks are very significant, and we have the lowest standards in the world. 
And so we should address that. But it's part of the puzzle. 
Other transportation efficiency is as important as cars and trucks. 
Renewables at the current levels of technological efficiency can make this much difference. 
And with what Vinod, and John Doerr and others, many of you here -- there are a lot of people directly involved in this -- this wedge is going to grow much more rapidly than the current projection shows it. 
Carbon Capture and Sequestration -- that's what CCS stands for -- is likely to become the killer app that will enable us to continue to use fossil fuels in a way that is safe. 
Not quite there yet. 
OK. Now, what can you do? 
Most of these expenditures are also profitable. 
Insulation, better design. 
I mentioned automobiles -- buy a hybrid. 
Use light rail. 
Figure out some of the other options that are much better. 
It's important. 
Be a green consumer. 
You have choices with everything you buy, between things that have a harsh effect, or a much less harsh effect on the global climate crisis. 
Consider this: Make a decision to live a carbon-neutral life. 
Those of you who are good at branding, I'd love to get your advice and help on how to say this in a way that connects with the most people. 
It is easier than you think. 
It really is. 
A lot of us in here have made that decision, and it is really pretty easy. 
It means reduce your carbon dioxide emissions with the full range of choices that you make, and then purchase or acquire offsets for the remainder that you have not completely reduced. 
And what it means is elaborated at climatecrisis.net. 
There is a carbon calculator. 
Participant Productions convened -- with my active involvement -- the leading software writers in the world, on this arcane science of carbon calculation, to construct a consumer-friendly carbon calculator. 
You can very precisely calculate what your CO2 emissions are, and then you will be given options to reduce. 
And by the time the movie comes out in May, this will be updated to 2.0, and we will have click-through purchases of offsets. 
Next, consider making your business carbon-neutral. 
Again, some of us have done that, and it's not as hard as you think. 
Integrate climate solutions into all of your innovations, whether you are from the technology, or entertainment, or design and architecture community. 
Invest sustainably. 
Majora mentioned this. 
Listen, if you have invested money with managers who you compensate on the basis of their annual performance, don't ever again complain about quarterly report CEO management. 
Over time, people do what you pay them to do. 
And if they judge how much they're going to get paid on your capital that they've invested, based on the short-term returns, you're going to get short-term decisions. 
A lot more to be said about that. 
Become a catalyst of change. 
Teach others, learn about it, talk about it. 
The movie is a movie version of the slideshow I gave two nights ago, except it's a lot more entertaining. 
And it comes out in May. 
Many of you here have the opportunity to ensure that a lot of people see it. 
Consider sending somebody to Nashville. 
Pick well. 
And I am personally going to train people to give this slideshow -- re-purposed, with some of the personal stories obviously replaced with a generic approach, and it's not just the slides, it's what they mean. 
And it's how they link together. 
And so I'm going to be conducting a course this summer for a group of people that are nominated by different folks to come and then give it en masse, in communities all across the country, and we're going to update the slideshow for all of them every single week, to keep it right on the cutting edge. 
Working with Larry Lessig, it will be, somewhere in that process, posted with tools and limited-use copyrights, so that young people can remix it and do it in their own way. 
(Applause) Where did anybody get the idea that you ought to stay arm's length from politics? 
We need Republicans as well. 
This used to be a bipartisan issue, and I know that in this group it really is. 
Become politically active. 
Make our democracy work the way it's supposed to work. 
Support the idea of capping carbon dioxide emissions -- global warming pollution -- and trading it. 
Here's why: as long as the United States is out of the world system, it's not a closed system. 
Once it becomes a closed system, with U.S. participation, then everybody who's on a board of directors -- how many people here serve on the board of directors of a corporation? 
Once it's a closed system, you will have legal liability if you do not urge your CEO to get the maximum income from reducing and trading the carbon emissions that can be avoided. 
The market will work to solve this problem -- if we can accomplish this. 
Help with the mass persuasion campaign that will start this spring. 
We have to change the minds of the American people. 
Because presently, the politicians do not have permission to do what needs to be done. 
And in our modern country, the role of logic and reason no longer includes mediating between wealth and power the way it once did. 
It's now repetition of short, hot-button, 30-second, 28-second television ads. 
We have to buy a lot of those ads. 
Let's re-brand global warming, as many of you have suggested. 
I like "climate crisis" instead of "climate collapse," but again, those of you who are good at branding, I need your help on this. 
Somebody said the test we're facing now, a scientist told me, is whether the combination of an opposable thumb and a neocortex is a viable combination. 
(Laughter) That's really true. 
Again, the Republicans here -- this shouldn't be partisan. 
You have more influence than some of us who are Democrats do. 
This is an opportunity. 
Not just this, but connected to the ideas that are here, to bring more coherence to them. 
We are one. 
Thank you very much, I appreciate it. 
(Applause) 

Thank you very much, Chris. Everybody who came up here said they were scared. I don't know if I'm scared, but this is my first time of addressing an audience like this. 
And I don't have any smart technology for you to look at. 
There are no slides, so you'll just have to be content with me. 
(Laughter) What I want to do this morning is share with you a couple of stories and talk about a different Africa. 
Already this morning there were some allusions to the Africa that you hear about all the time: the Africa of HIV/AIDS, the Africa of malaria, the Africa of poverty, the Africa of conflict, and the Africa of disasters. 
While it is true that those things are going on, there's an Africa that you don't hear about very much. 
And sometimes I'm puzzled, and I ask myself why. 
This is the Africa that is changing, that Chris alluded to. 
This is the Africa of opportunity. 
This is the Africa where people want to take charge of their own futures and their own destinies. 
And this is the Africa where people are looking for partnerships to do this. That's what I want to talk about today. 
And I want to start by telling you a story about that change in Africa. 
On 15th of September 2005, Mr. Diepreye Alamieyeseigha, a governor of one of the oil-rich states of Nigeria, was arrested by the London Metropolitan Police on a visit to London. 
He was arrested because there were transfers of eight million dollars that went into some dormant accounts that belonged to him and his family. 
This arrest occurred because there was cooperation between the London Metropolitan Police and the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission of Nigeria -- led by one of our most able and courageous people: Mr. Nuhu Ribadu. 
Alamieyeseigha was arraigned in London. 
Due to some slip-ups, he managed to escape dressed as a woman and ran from London back to Nigeria where, according to our constitution, those in office as governors, president -- as in many countries -- have immunity and cannot be prosecuted. But what happened: people were so outraged by this behavior that it was possible for his state legislature to impeach him and get him out of office. 
Today, Alams -- as we call him for short -- is in jail. 
This is a story about the fact that people in Africa are no longer willing to tolerate corruption from their leaders. 
This is a story about the fact that people want their resources managed properly for their good, and not taken out to places where they'll benefit just a few of the elite. 
And therefore, when you hear about the corrupt Africa -- corruption all the time -- I want you to know that the people and the governments are trying hard to fight this in some of the countries, and that some successes are emerging. 
Does it mean the problem is over? The answer is no. 
There's still a long way to go, but that there's a will there. 
And that successes are being chalked up on this very important fight. 
So when you hear about corruption, don't just feel that nothing is being done about this -- that you can't operate in any African country because of the overwhelming corruption. That is not the case. 
There's a will to fight, and in many countries, that fight is ongoing and is being won. In others, like mine, where there has been a long history of dictatorship in Nigeria, the fight is ongoing and we have a long way to go. 
But the truth of the matter is that this is going on. 
The results are showing: independent monitoring by the World Bank and other organizations show that in many instances the trend is downwards in terms of corruption, and governance is improving. 
A study by the Economic Commission for Africa showed a clear trend upwards in governance in 28 African countries. 
And let me say just one more thing before I leave this area of governance. 
That is that people talk about corruption, corruption. 
All the time when they talk about it you immediately think about Africa. 
That's the image: African countries. But let me say this: if Alams was able to export eight million dollars into an account in London -- if the other people who had taken money, estimated at 20 to 40 billion now of developing countries' monies sitting abroad in the developed countries -- if they're able to do this, what is that? Is that not corruption? 
In this country, if you receive stolen goods, are you not prosecuted? 
So when we talk about this kind of corruption, let us also think about what is happening on the other side of the globe -- where the money's going and what can be done to stop it. 
I'm working on an initiative now, along with the World Bank, on asset recovery, trying to do what we can to get the monies that have been taken abroad -- developing countries' moneys -- to get that sent back. 
Because if we can get the 20 billion dollars sitting out there back, it may be far more for some of these countries than all the aid that is being put together. 
(Applause) The second thing I want to talk about is the will for reform. 
Africans, after -- they're tired, we're tired of being the subject of everybody's charity and care. 
We are grateful, but we know that we can take charge of our own destinies if we have the will to reform. 
And what is happening in many African countries now is a realization that no one can do it but us. We have to do it. 
We can invite partners who can support us, but we have to start. 
We have to reform our economies, change our leadership, become more democratic, be more open to change and to information. 
And this is what we started to do in one of the largest countries on the continent, Nigeria. 
In fact, if you're not in Nigeria, you're not in Africa. 
I want to tell you that. 
(Laughter) One in four sub-Saharan Africans is Nigerian, and it has 140 million dynamic people -- chaotic people -- but very interesting people. You'll never be bored. 
(Laughter) What we started to do was to realize that we had to take charge and reform ourselves. 
And with the support of a leader who was willing, at the time, to do the reforms, we put forward a comprehensive reform program, which we developed ourselves. 
Not the International Monetary Fund. Not the World Bank, where I worked for 21 years and rose to be a vice president. 
No one can do it for you. You have to do it for yourself. 
We put together a program that would, one: get the state out of businesses it had nothing -- it had no business being in. 
The state should not be in the business of producing goods and services because it's inefficient and incompetent. 
So we decided to privatize many of our enterprises. 
(Applause) We -- as a result, we decided to liberalize many of our markets. 
Can you believe that prior to this reform -- which started at the end of 2003, when I left Washington to go and take up the post of Finance Minister -- we had a telecommunications company that was only able to develop 4,500 landlines in its entire 30-year history? 
(Laughter) Having a telephone in my country was a huge luxury. 
You couldn't get it. You had to bribe. 
You had to do everything to get your phone. 
When President Obasanjo supported and launched the liberalization of the telecommunications sector, we went from 4,500 landlines to 32 million GSM lines, and counting. 
Nigeria's telecoms market is the second-fastest growing in the world, after China. We are getting investments of about a billion dollars a year in telecoms. And nobody knows, except a few smart people. 
(Laughter) The smartest one, first to come in, was the MTN company of South Africa. 
And in the three years that I was Finance Minister, they made an average of 360 million dollars profit per year. 
360 million in a market -- in a country that is a poor country, with an average per capita income just under 500 dollars per capita. 
So the market is there. 
When they kept this under wraps, but soon others got to know. 
Nigerians themselves began to develop some wireless telecommunications companies, and three or four others have come in. 
But there's a huge market out there, and people don't know about it, or they don't want to know. 
So privatization is one of the things we've done. 
The other thing we've also done is to manage our finances better. 
Because nobody's going to help you and support you if you're not managing your own finances well. 
And Nigeria, with the oil sector, had the reputation of being corrupt and not managing its own public finances well. 
So what did we try to do? We introduced a fiscal rule that de-linked our budget from the oil price. 
Before we used to just budget on whatever oil we bring in, because oil is the biggest, most revenue-earning sector in the economy: 70 percent of our revenues come from oil. 
We de-linked that, and once we did it, we began to budget at a price slightly lower than the oil price and save whatever was above that price. 
We didn't know we could pull it off; it was very controversial. 
But what it immediately did was that the volatility that had been present in terms of our economic development -- where, even if oil prices were high, we would grow very fast. 
When they crashed, we crashed. 
And we could hardly even pay anything, any salaries, in the economy. 
That smoothened out. We were able to save, just before I left, 27 billion dollars. Whereas -- and this went to our reserves -- when I arrived in 2003, we had seven billion dollars in reserves. 
By the time I left, we had gone up to almost 30 billion dollars. And as we speak now, we have about 40 billion dollars in reserves due to proper management of our finances. 
And that shores up our economy, makes it stable. 
Our exchange rate that used to fluctuate all the time is now fairly stable and being managed so that business people have a predictability of prices in the economy. 
We brought inflation down from 28 percent to about 11 percent. 
And we had GDP grow from an average of 2.3 percent the previous decade to about 6.5 percent now. 
So all the changes and reforms we were able to make have shown up in results that are measurable in the economy. 
And what is more important, because we want to get away from oil and diversify -- and there are so many opportunities in this one big country, as in many countries in Africa -- what was remarkable is that much of this growth came not from the oil sector alone, but from non-oil. 
Agriculture grew at better than eight percent. 
As telecoms sector grew, housing and construction, and I could go on and on. And this is to illustrate to you that once you get the macro-economy straightened out, the opportunities in various other sectors are enormous. 
We have opportunities in agriculture, like I said. 
We have opportunities in solid minerals. We have a lot of minerals that no one has even invested in or explored. And we realized that without the proper legislation to make that possible, that wouldn't happen. So we've now got a mining code that is comparable with some of the best in the world. 
We have opportunities in housing and real estate. 
There was nothing in a country of 140 million people -- no shopping malls as you know them here. 
This was an investment opportunity for someone that excited the imagination of people. 
And now, we have a situation in which the businesses in this mall are doing four times the turnover that they had projected. 
So, huge things in construction, real estate, mortgage markets. Financial services: we had 89 banks. Too many not doing their real business. 
We consolidated them from 89 to 25 banks by requiring that they increase their capital -- share capital. 
And it went from about 25 million dollars to 150 million dollars. 
The banks -- these banks are now consolidated, and that strengthening of the banking system has attracted a lot of investment from outside. 
Barclays Bank of the U.K. is bringing in 500 million. 
Standard Chartered has brought in 140 million. 
And I can go on. Dollars, on and on, into the system. 
We are doing the same with the insurance sector. 
So in financial services, a great deal of opportunity. 
In tourism, in many African countries, a great opportunity. 
And that's what many people know East Africa for: the wildlife, the elephants, and so on. 
But managing the tourism market in a way that can really benefit the people is very important. 
So what am I trying to say? I'm trying to tell you that there's a new wave on the continent. 
A new wave of openness and democratization in which, since 2000, more than two-thirds of African countries have had multi-party democratic elections. 
Not all of them have been perfect, or will be, but the trend is very clear. 
I'm trying to tell you that since the past three years, the average rate of growth on the continent has moved from about 2.5 percent to about five percent per annum. 
This is better than the performance of many OECD countries. 
So it's clear that things are changing. 
Conflicts are down on the continent; from about 12 conflicts a decade ago, we are down to three or four conflicts -- one of the most terrible, of course, of which is Darfur. 
And, you know, you have the neighborhood effect where if something is going on in one part of the continent, it looks like the entire continent is affected. 
But you should know that this continent is not -- is a continent of many countries, not one country. 
And if we are down to three or four conflicts, it means that there are plenty of opportunities to invest in stable, growing, exciting economies where there's plenty of opportunity. 
And I want to just make one point about this investment. 
The best way to help Africans today is to help them to stand on their own feet. 
And the best way to do that is by helping create jobs. 
There's no issue with fighting malaria and putting money in that and saving children's lives. That's not what I'm saying. That is fine. 
But imagine the impact on a family: if the parents can be employed and make sure that their children go to school, that they can buy the drugs to fight the disease themselves. 
If we can invest in places where you yourselves make money whilst creating jobs and helping people stand on their own feet, isn't that a wonderful opportunity? Isn't that the way to go? 
And I want to say that some of the best people to invest in on the continent are the women. 
(Applause) I have a CD here. I'm sorry that I didn't say anything on time. 
Otherwise, I would have liked you to have seen this. 
It says, "Africa: Open for Business." 
And this is a video that has actually won an award as the best documentary of the year. 
Understand that the woman who made it is going to be in Tanzania, where they're having the session in June. 
But it shows you Africans, and particularly African women, who against all odds have developed businesses, some of them world-class. 
One of the women in this video, Adenike Ogunlesi, making children's clothes -- which she started as a hobby and grew into a business. 
Mixing African materials, such as we have, with materials from elsewhere. 
So, she'll make a little pair of dungarees with corduroys, with African material mixed in. Very creative designs, has reached a stage where she even had an order from Wal-Mart. 
(Laughter) For 10,000 pieces. 
So that shows you that we have people who are capable of doing. 
And the women are diligent. They are focused; they work hard. 
I could go on giving examples: Beatrice Gakuba of Rwanda, who opened up a flower business and is now exporting to the Dutch auction in Amsterdam each morning and is employing 200 other women and men to work with her. 
However, many of these are starved for capital to expand, because nobody believes outside of our countries that we can do what is necessary. Nobody thinks in terms of a market. 
Nobody thinks there's opportunity. 
But I'm standing here saying that those who miss the boat now, will miss it forever. 
So if you want to be in Africa, think about investing. 
Think about the Beatrices, think about the Adenikes of this world, who are doing incredible things, that are bringing them into the global economy, whilst at the same time making sure that their fellow men and women are employed, and that the children in those households get educated because their parents are earning adequate income. 
So I invite you to explore the opportunities. 
When you go to Tanzania, listen carefully, because I'm sure you will hear of the various openings that there will be for you to get involved in something that will do good for the continent, for the people and for yourselves. 
Thank you very much. 
(Applause) 

What I'm going to show you first, as quickly as I can, is some foundational work, some new technology that we brought to Microsoft as part of an acquisition almost exactly a year ago. 
This is Seadragon, and it's an environment in which you can either locally or remotely interact with vast amounts of visual data. 
We're looking at many, many gigabytes of digital photos here and kind of seamlessly and continuously zooming in, panning through it, rearranging it in any way we want. 
And it doesn't matter how much information we're looking at, how big these collections are or how big the images are. 
Most of them are ordinary digital camera photos, but this one, for example, is a scan from the Library of Congress, and it's in the 300 megapixel range. 
It doesn't make any difference because the only thing that ought to limit the performance of a system like this one is the number of pixels on your screen at any given moment. 
It's also very flexible architecture. 
This is an entire book, so this is an example of non-image data. 
This is "Bleak House" by Dickens. 
Every column is a chapter. 
To prove to you that it's really text, and not an image, we can do something like so, to really show that this is a real representation of the text; it's not a picture. 
Maybe this is an artificial way to read an e-book. 
I wouldn't recommend it. 
This is a more realistic case, an issue of The Guardian. 
Every large image is the beginning of a section. 
And this really gives you the joy and the good experience of reading the real paper version of a magazine or a newspaper, which is an inherently multi-scale kind of medium. 
We've done something with the corner of this particular issue of The Guardian. 
We've made up a fake ad that's very high resolution -- much higher than in an ordinary ad -- and we've embedded extra content. 
If you want to see the features of this car, you can see it here. 
Or other models, or even technical specifications. 
And this really gets at some of these ideas about really doing away with those limits on screen real estate. 
We hope that this means no more pop-ups and other rubbish like that -- shouldn't be necessary. 
Of course, mapping is one of those obvious applications for a technology like this. 
And this one I really won't spend any time on, except to say that we have things to contribute to this field as well. 
But those are all the roads in the U.S. 
superimposed on top of a NASA geospatial image. 
So let's pull up, now, something else. 
This is actually live on the Web now; you can go check it out. 
This is a project called Photosynth, which marries two different technologies. 
One of them is Seadragon and the other is some very beautiful computer-vision research done by Noah Snavely, a graduate student at the University of Washington, co-advised by Steve Seitz at U.W. 
and Rick Szeliski at Microsoft Research. 
A very nice collaboration. 
And so this is live on the Web. It's powered by Seadragon. 
You can see that when we do these sorts of views, where we can dive through images and have this kind of multi-resolution experience. 
But the spatial arrangement of the images here is actually meaningful. 
The computer vision algorithms have registered these images together so that they correspond to the real space in which these shots -- all taken near Grassi Lakes in the Canadian Rockies -- all these shots were taken. 
So you see elements here of stabilized slide-show or panoramic imaging, and these things have all been related spatially. 
I'm not sure if I have time to show you any other environments. 
Some are much more spatial. 
I would like to jump straight to one of Noah's original data-sets -- this is from an early prototype that we first got working this summer -- to show you what I think is really the punch line behind the Photosynth technology, It's not necessarily so apparent from looking at the environments we've put up on the website. 
We had to worry about the lawyers and so on. 
This is a reconstruction of Notre Dame Cathedral that was done entirely computationally from images scraped from Flickr. 
You just type Notre Dame into Flickr, and you get some pictures of guys in T-shirts, and of the campus and so on. 
And each of these orange cones represents an image that was discovered to belong to this model. 
And so these are all Flickr images, and they've all been related spatially in this way. 
We can just navigate in this very simple way. 
(Applause) (Applause ends) You know, I never thought that I'd end up working at Microsoft. 
It's very gratifying to have this kind of reception here. 
(Laughter) I guess you can see this is lots of different types of cameras: it's everything from cell-phone cameras to professional SLRs, quite a large number of them, stitched together in this environment. 
If I can find some of the sort of weird ones -- So many of them are occluded by faces, and so on. 
Somewhere in here there is actually a series of photographs -- here we go. 
This is actually a poster of Notre Dame that registered correctly. 
We can dive in from the poster to a physical view of this environment. 
What the point here really is is that we can do things with the social environment. 
This is now taking data from everybody -- from the entire collective memory, visually, of what the Earth looks like -- and link all of that together. 
Those photos become linked, and they make something emergent that's greater than the sum of the parts. 
You have a model that emerges of the entire Earth. 
Think of this as the long tail to Stephen Lawler's Virtual Earth work. 
And this is something that grows in complexity as people use it, and whose benefits become greater to the users as they use it. 
Their own photos are getting tagged with meta-data that somebody else entered. 
If somebody bothered to tag all of these saints and say who they all are, then my photo of Notre Dame Cathedral suddenly gets enriched with all of that data, and I can use it as an entry point to dive into that space, into that meta-verse, using everybody else's photos, and do a kind of a cross-modal and cross-user social experience that way. 
And of course, a by-product of all of that is immensely rich virtual models of every interesting part of the Earth, collected not just from overhead flights and from satellite images and so on, but from the collective memory. 
Thank you so much. 
(Applause) (Applause ends) Chris Anderson: Do I understand this right? 
What your software is going to allow, is that at some point, really within the next few years, all the pictures that are shared by anyone across the world are going to link together? 
BAA: Yes. What this is really doing is discovering, creating hyperlinks, if you will, between images. 
It's doing that based on the content inside the images. 
And that gets really exciting when you think about the richness of the semantic information a lot of images have. 
Like when you do a web search for images, you type in phrases, and the text on the web page is carrying a lot of information about what that picture is of. 
What if that picture links to all of your pictures? 
The amount of semantic interconnection and richness that comes out of that is really huge. 
It's a classic network effect. 
CA: Truly incredible. Congratulations. 

Don't you love a good nap? 
(Laughter) Just stealing away that small block of time to curl up on your couch for that sweet moment of escape. 
It's one of my favorite things, but something I took for granted before I began experiencing homelessness as a teenager. 
The ability to take a nap is only reserved for stability and sureness, something you can't find when you're carrying everything you own in your book bag and carefully counting the amount of time you're allowed to sit in any given place before being asked to leave. 
I grew up in Atlanta, Georgia, bouncing from house to house with a loving, close-knit family as we struggled to find stability in our finances. 
But when my mom temporarily lost herself to mania and when that mania chose me as its primary scapegoat through both emotional and physical abuse, I fled for my safety. 
I had come to the conclusion that homelessness was safer for me than being at home. 
I was 16. 
During my homelessness, I joined Atlanta's 3,300 homeless youth in feeling uncared for, left out and invisible each night. 
There wasn't and still is not any place for a homeless minor to walk off the street to access a bed. 
I realized that most people thought of homelessness as some kind of lazy, drug-induced squalor and inconvenience, but that didn't represent my book bag full of clothes and schoolbooks, or my A+ grade point average. 
I would sit on my favorite bench downtown and watch as the hours passed by until I could sneak in a few hours of sleep on couches, in cars, in buildings or in storage units. 
I, like thousands of other homeless youth, disappeared into the shadows of the city while the whole world kept spinning as if nothing at all had gone terribly wrong. 
The invisibility alone almost completely broke my spirit. 
But when I had nothing else, I had the arts, something that didn't demand material wealth from me in exchange for refuge. 
A few hours of singing, writing poetry or saving up enough money to disappear into another world at a play kept me going and jolting me back to life when I felt at my lowest. 
I would go to church services on Wednesday evenings and, desperate for the relief the arts gave me, I would go a few hours early, slip downstairs and into a part of the world where the only thing that mattered was whether or not I could hit the right note in the song I was perfecting that week. 
I would sing for hours. 
It gave me so much strength to give myself permission to just block it all out and sing. 
Five years later, I started my organization, ChopArt, which is a multidisciplinary arts organization for homeless minors. 
ChopArt uses the arts as a tool for trauma recovery by taking what we know about building community and restoring dignity and applying that to the creative process. 
ChopArt is headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia, with additional programs in Hyderabad, India, and Accra, Ghana, and since our start in 2010, we've served over 40,000 teens worldwide. 
Our teens take refuge in the transformative elements of the arts, and they depend on the safe space ChopArt provides for them to do that. 
An often invisible population uses the arts to step into their light, but that journey out of invisibility is not an easy one. 
We have a sibling pair, Jeremy and Kelly, who have been with our program for over three years. 
They come to the ChopArt classes every Wednesday evening. 
But about a year ago, Jeremy and Kelly witnessed their mom seize and die right in front of them. 
They watched as the paramedics failed to revive her. 
They cried as their father signed over temporary custody to their ChopArt mentor, Erin, without even allowing them to take an extra pair of clothes on their way out. 
This series of events broke my heart, but Jeremy and Kelly's faith and resolve in ChopArt is what keeps me grounded in this work. 
Kelly calling Erin in her lowest moment, knowing that Erin would do whatever she could to make them feel loved and cared for, is proof to me that by using the arts as the entry point, we can heal and build our homeless youth population. 
And we continue to build. 
We build with Devin, who became homeless with his family when his mom had to choose between medical bills or the rent. 
He discovered his love of painting through ChopArt. 
We build with Liz, who has been on the streets most of her teenage years but turns to music to return to herself when her traumas feel too heavy for her young shoulders. 
We build for Maria, who uses poetry to heal after her grandfather died in the van she's living in with the rest of her family. 
And so to the youth out there experiencing homelessness, let me tell you, you have the power to build within you. 
You have a voice through the arts that doesn't judge what you've been through. 
So never stop fighting to stand in your light because even in your darkest times, we see you. 
Thank you. 
(Applause) 

Imagine waking up to a stranger -- sometimes multiple strangers -- questioning your right to existence for something that you wrote online, waking up to an angry message, scared and worried for your safety. 
Welcome to the world of cyberharassment. 
The kind of harassment that women face in Pakistan is very serious and leads to sometimes deadly outcomes. 
This kind of harassment keeps women from accessing the internet -- essentially, knowledge. 
It's a form of oppression. 
Pakistan is the sixth most populous country in the world, with 140 million people having access to mobile technologies, and 15 percent internet penetration. 
And this number doesn't seem to go down with the rise of new technologies. 
Pakistan is also the birthplace of the youngest Nobel Peace Prize winner, Malala Yousafzai. 
But that's just one aspect of Pakistan. 
Another aspect is where the twisted concept of honor is linked to women and their bodies; where men are allowed to disrespect women and even kill them sometimes in the name of so-called "family honor"; where women are left to die right outside their houses for speaking to a man on a mobile phone, in the name of "family honor." 
Let me say this very clearly: it's not honor; it's a cold-blooded murder. 
I come from a very small village in Punjab, Pakistan, where women are not allowed to pursue their higher education. 
The elders of my extended family didn't allow their women to pursue their higher education or their professional careers. 
However, unlike the other male guardians of my family, my father was one who really supported my ambitions. 
To get my law degree, of course, it was really difficult, and [there were] frowns of disapproval. 
But in the end, I knew it's either me or them, and I chose myself. 
(Applause) My family's traditions and expectations for a woman wouldn't allow me to own a mobile phone until I was married. 
And even when I was married, this tool became a tool for my own surveillance. 
When I resisted this idea of being surveilled by my ex-husband, he really didn't approve of this and threw me out of his house, along with my six-month-old son, Abdullah. 
And that was the time when I first asked myself, "Why? 
Why are women not allowed to enjoy the same equal rights enshrined in our Constitution? 
While the law states that a woman has the same equal access to the information, why is it always men -- brothers, fathers and husbands -- who are granting these rights to us, effectively making the law irrelevant?" 
So I decided to take a step, instead of keep questioning these patriarchal structures and societal norms. 
And I founded the Digital Rights Foundation in 2012 to address all the issues and women's experiences in online spaces and cyberharassment. 
From lobbying for free and safe internet to convincing young women that access to the safe internet is their fundamental, basic, human right, I'm trying to play my part in igniting the spark to address the questions that have bothered me all these years. 
With a hope in my heart, and to offer a solution to this menace, I started Pakistan's and the region's first cyberharassment help line in December 2016 -- (Applause) to extend my support to the women who do not know who to turn to when they face serious threats online. 
I think of the women who do not have the necessary support to deal with the mental trauma when they feel unsafe in online spaces, and they go about their daily activities, thinking that there is a rape threat in their in-box. 
Safe access to the internet is an access to knowledge, and knowledge is freedom. 
When I fight for women's digital rights, I'm fighting for equality. 
Thank you. 
(Applause) 

I am an immigrant from Uganda living in the United States while waiting for my asylum application to go through. 
Migrants do not enjoy much freedom of movement in our world today. 
This certainly applies to those who are desperate enough to navigate choppy and stormy seas in boats. 
These are the risks my cousins from West Africa and North Africa face while trying to cross over to Europe. 
Indeed, it is a rare but fortunate opportunity for a migrant to address a gathering like this. 
But this also signifies what often is missing in the global debate over refugees, migrants and immigrants, voices of the disenfranchised. 
Citizens of many host countries, even those that previously welcomed newcomers, are uneasy about the rising numbers of individuals coming into their countries. 
The immediate criticism is that the newcomers upend the stability of social welfare and employment in their countries. 
Uncertain and skeptical citizens look towards politicians who are competing against each other to see who can claim the prize of the loudest voice of populism and nationalism. 
It is a contest of who is the toughest on migrants, the most willing to impose travel bans and the most eager to propose projects in building walls. 
All these restrictions simply address symptoms of the problem, not the causes. 
Why are they coming? 
Migrants can share perspectives, if only politicians would be willing to listen. 
In Dubai, I chronicled injustices and inequalities inflicted regularly on the migrant labor force. 
As a result, pressures from the governments of the respective countries led to me being forced out of my career as a journalist in the Middle East. 
I was deported to Uganda, where economic deprivation puts everyone at the risk of starvation. 
I fled Uganda to come to the United States in the hope of sustaining a voice for my brothers and sisters who experience a more serious plight as migrants. 
My father told me he was not happy about me writing a book that risked deportation and unemployment. 
He had been diabetic for many years when I still worked in Dubai, and my salary was always sufficient to pay for his treatments. 
After I was expelled, I could not afford to sustain his treatment, and even in the last days of his life, I could not afford to take him to a hospital. 
As I carried his body in my hands to lay it in the ground in June of last year, I realized I had paid a profound price for amplifying my voice. 
The act of speaking up against injustices that are multilayered is never easy, because the problems require more than just rhetoric. 
So long as gold mines, oilfields and large farms in Africa continue to be owned by foreign investors and those vital resources are shipped to the West, the stream of African migrants will flow continuously. 
There are no restrictions that could ever be so rigorous to stop the wave of migration that has determined our human history. 
Before border controls can be tightened and new visa restrictions imposed, countries that have long received migrants should engage in a more open discussion. 
That is the only practical start for reconciling, finally, a legacy of exploitation, slavery, colonialism and imperialism, so that together, we can move forward in creating a more just global economy in the 21st century -- one that benefits all. 

I'd like you to imagine, just for a moment, that your eyelashes grew inwards instead of outwards, so that every time you blinked, they would scrape the front of your eyeballs, damaging the corneas, so that slowly and painfully, you went blind. 
Well, that's what happens to a person who has trachoma. 
Now, this little boy here, Pamelo, from Zambia, he has trachoma. 
And if we don't do anything, he's going to go blind. 
Trachoma is a curious disease. 
It's a bacterial infection that's passed from person to person and by flies. 
The repeated infection will scar your eyelids so that they contract and they turn inside out. 
It particularly affects women, because they have the contact with children. 
So what you'll often see in places like Ethiopia are girls who have tweezers like this around their necks, and they use them to pluck out their eyelashes. 
But of course, that only gives them temporary respite, because they just grow back more vicious than before. 
There are around two million people in the world who are blind or visually impaired because of trachoma. 
And we believe there may be as many as 200 million people who are at risk. 
Now, it's a very old disease. 
What you can see is a photo of a wall of a tomb in Northern Sudan. 
A colleague and I were traveling in a very remote village, and we asked an old man to take us down into a little tomb. 
Now, on the wall, we saw two eyes. 
One is crying, and you can see there are tweezers next to it. 
Simon said to me, "My God, do you think that's trachoma?" 
So we sent this picture to the British Museum, and they confirmed that, yes, this is trachoma. 
So, thousands of years ago, the ancient Nubians were painting pictures of trachoma on the walls of their tomb. 
And the tragedy is that disease is still rampant in that area today. 
And the crazy thing is, we know how to stop it. 
And what's great is that the trachoma community have all come together to pool their efforts. 
We don't compete; we collaborate. 
I have to tell you, that's not always the case in my experience in the NGO world. 
We've created something called the International Coalition for Trachoma Control. 
And together, we've developed a strategy to fight it. 
This strategy is called the SAFE strategy, and it's been approved by the World Health Organization. 
The "S" stands for "surgery." 
It's very straightforward procedure to turn the eyelids back the right way. 
We train nurses to do it, and they use local anesthetics. 
And as you can see, you can do it in somebody's front porch, if need be. 
Then "A" stands for "antibiotics." 
These are donated by Pfizer, who also pay for those drugs to be transported to the port in-country. 
From there, they're taken to the villages, where hundreds of thousands of community volunteers will distribute those drugs to the people. 
Now, we train those volunteers, and we also help the ministries with all that complex logistics. 
And every one of those volunteers has a pole like this. 
It's called a "dose pole." 
This one's from Cameroon. 
And you can see it's marked different colors, and you can tell how many pills you should give somebody, based on how tall they are. 
"F" stands for "face washing." 
Now, we used to have trachoma in the UK and in the US. 
In fact, President Carter, he talks about how trachoma was a real problem in Georgia when he was a little boy. 
And in the UK, the famous eye hospital, Moorfields, was originally a trachoma hospital. 
What we do is teach kids like this how important it is to wash their faces. 
And finally, "E" stands for "environment," where we help the communities build latrines, and we teach them to separate their animals from their living quarters in order to reduce the fly population. 
So we know how to tackle the disease. 
But we need to know where it is. 
And we do, because a few years ago, Sightsavers led an incredible program called the Global Trachoma Mapping Project. 
It took us three years, but we went through 29 countries, and we taught local health workers to go district by district, and they examined the eyelids of over two and a half million people. 
And they used Android phones in order to download the data. 
And from that, we were able to build a map that showed us where the disease was. 
Now, this is a very high-level map that shows you which countries had a problem with trachoma. 
And you may ask me, "Well, does this strategy actually work?" 
Yes, it does. 
This map shows you the progress that we've made to date. 
The green countries believe they've already eliminated trachoma, and they have either been through or are in the process of having that validated by the WHO. 
Countries in yellow have the money they need, they have the resources to eliminate trachoma. 
And some of them are really nearly there. 
But the red countries, they don't have enough funding. 
They cannot eliminate trachoma unless they get more. 
And we're quite concerned, though, that the progress to date may stall. 
So when we were talking to the Audacious ideas guys, we asked ourselves: If we really, really pushed ourselves over the next four or five years and we had the money, what do we think we could achieve? 
Well, we believe that we can eliminate trachoma in 12 African countries and across the Americas and all across the Pacific. 
And we can make significant progress in two countries which have the highest burden of the disease, which is Ethiopia and Nigeria. 
And in doing all of that, we can leverage more than two billion dollars' worth of donated drugs. 
(Applause) Now, this map here shows you the impact that we'll have -- look how many countries are going green. 
And there, you can see progress in Ethiopia and Nigeria. 
Now, yes, there are some countries that are still red. 
These are mainly countries which are in conflict -- places like Yemen, South Sudan -- where it's very difficult to work. 
So, we have the team, the strategy and the map. 
And we also have the relationships with the governments so that we can make sure that our program is coordinated with other disease-control programs, so that we can be efficient. 
Wouldn't it be amazing if we could do this? 
We'd have trachoma on the run. 
We would be on the home straight to eliminate this disease from the whole world. 
But before I finish, I just want to share with you some words from the founder of Sightsavers, a guy called Sir John Wilson. 
Now, he was blinded at the age of 12. 
And he said, "People don't go blind by the million. 
They go blind one by one." 
And in the excitement of being able to say we've got rid of trachoma for the whole country, let's not forget that, actually, this is a devastating disease that destroys the lives of individual people. 
People like Twiba. 
Now, I met Twiba last year in Tanzania. 
She had had trachoma for as long as she could remember. 
And a couple of months before I met her, she'd had the operation. 
It's no exaggeration to say that this had totally transformed her life. 
We'd saved the sight that she had left, and she was free of pain. 
She could sleep. 
She could work, she could socialize. 
And she said to me, "I have my life back." 
And it was impossible not to be moved by her story. 
But there are so many Twibas. 
I want to find all the Twibas, and I don't want anyone to go blind in agony anymore. 
Now, you know, there are so many intractable problems in this world. 
But this is not one of them. 
This is something that we can solve. 
And we can ensure that kids like this can grow up free from the fear of trachoma. 
So, for the sake of kids like this, and for the sake of people like Twiba, let's get rid of trachoma. 
Do you think we can? 
Well, yeah, if we really, really want to. 
Yes, we can. 
So thank you. 
(Applause) 

I'm going to talk about religion. 
But it's a broad and very delicate subject, so I have to limit myself. 
And therefore I will limit myself to only talk about the links between religion and sexuality. 
(Laughter) This is a very serious talk. 
So I will talk of what I remember as the most wonderful. 
It's when the young couple whisper, "Tonight we are going to make a baby." 
My talk will be about the impact of religions on the number of babies per woman. 
This is indeed important, because everyone understands that there is some sort of limit on how many people we can be on this planet. 
And there are some people who say that the world population is growing like this -- three billion in 1960, seven billion just last year -- and it will continue to grow because there are religions that stop women from having few babies, and it may continue like this. 
To what extent are these people right? 
When I was born there was less than one billion children in the world, and today, 2000, there's almost two billion. 
What has happened since, and what do the experts predict will happen with the number of children during this century? 
This is a quiz. What do you think? 
Do you think it will decrease to one billion? 
Will it remain the same and be two billion by the end of the century? 
Will the number of children increase each year up to 15 years, or will it continue in the same fast rate and be four billion children up there? 
I will tell you by the end of my speech. 
But now, what does religion have to do with it? 
When you want to classify religion, it's more difficult than you think. 
You go to Wikipedia and the first map you find is this. 
It divides the world into Abrahamic religions and Eastern religion, but that's not detailed enough. 
So we went on and we looked in Wikipedia, we found this map. 
But that subdivides Christianity, Islam and Buddhism into many subgroups, which was too detailed. 
Therefore at Gapminder we made our own map, and it looks like this. 
Each country's a bubble. 
The size is the population -- big China, big India here. 
And the color now is the majority religion. 
It's the religion where more than 50 percent of the people say that they belong. 
It's Eastern religion in India and China and neighboring Asian countries. 
Islam is the majority religion all the way from the Atlantic Ocean across the Middle East, Southern Europe and through Asia all the way to Indonesia. 
That's where we find Islamic majority. 
And Christian majority religions, we see in these countries. They are blue. 
And that is most countries in America and Europe, many countries in Africa and a few in Asia. 
The white here are countries which cannot be classified, because one religion does not reach 50 percent or there is doubt about the data or there's some other reason. 
So we were careful with that. 
So bear with our simplicity now when I take you over to this shot. 
This is in 1960. 
And now I show the number of babies per woman here: two, four or six -- many babies, few babies. 
And here the income per person in comparable dollars. 
The reason for that is that many people say you have to get rich first before you get few babies. 
So low income here, high income there. 
And indeed in 1960, you had to be a rich Christian to have few babies. 
The exception was Japan. 
Japan here was regarded as an exception. 
Otherwise it was only Christian countries. 
But there was also many Christian countries that had six to seven babies per woman. 
But they were in Latin America or they were in Africa. 
And countries with Islam as the majority religion, all of them almost had six to seven children per woman, irregardless of the income level. 
And all the Eastern religions except Japan had the same level. 
Now let's see what has happened in the world. 
I start the world, and here we go. 
Now 1962 -- can you see they're getting a little richer, but the number of babies per woman is falling? 
Look at China. They're falling fairly fast. 
And all of the Muslim majority countries across the income are coming down, as do the Christian majority countries in the middle income range. 
And when we enter into this century, you'll find more than half of mankind down here. 
And by 2010, we are actually 80 percent of humans who live in countries with about two children per woman. 
(Applause) It's a quite amazing development which has happened. 
(Applause) And these are countries from United States here, with $40,000 per capita, France, Russia, Iran, Mexico, Turkey, Algeria, Indonesia, India and all the way to Bangladesh and Vietnam, which has less than five percent of the income per person of the United States and the same amount of babies per woman. 
I can tell you that the data on the number of children per woman is surprisingly good in all countries. 
We get that from the census data. 
It's not one of these statistics which is very doubtful. 
So what we can conclude is you don't have to get rich to have few children. 
It has happened across the world. 
And then when we look at religions, we can see that the Eastern religions, indeed there's not one single country with a majority of that religion that has more than three children. 
Whereas with Islam as a majority religion and Christianity, you see countries all the way. 
But there's no major difference. 
There's no major difference between these religions. 
There is a difference with income. 
The countries which have many babies per woman here, they have quite low income. 
Most of them are in sub-Saharan Africa. 
But there are also countries here like Guatemala, like Papua New Guinea, like Yemen and Afghanistan. 
Many think that Afghanistan here and Congo, which have suffered severe conflicts, that they don't have fast population growth. 
It's the other way around. 
In the world today, it's the countries that have the highest mortality rates that have the fastest population growth. 
Because the death of a child is compensated by one more child. 
These countries have six children per woman. 
They have a sad death rate of one to two children per woman. 
But 30 years from now, Afghanistan will go from 30 million to 60 million. 
Congo will go from 60 to 120. 
That's where we have the fast population growth. 
And many think that these countries are stagnant, but they are not. 
Let me compare Senegal, a Muslim dominated country, with a Christian dominated country, Ghana. 
I take them backwards here to their independence, when they were up here in the beginning of the 1960s. 
Just look what they have done. 
It's an amazing improvement, from seven children per woman, they've gone all the way down to between four and five. 
It's a tremendous improvement. 
So what does it take? 
Well we know quite well what is needed in these countries. 
You need to have children to survive. 
You need to get out of the deepest poverty so children are not of importance for work in the family. 
You need to have access to some family planning. 
And you need the fourth factor, which perhaps is the most important factor. 
But let me illustrate that fourth factor by looking at Qatar. 
Here we have Qatar today, and there we have Bangladesh today. 
If I take these countries back to the years of their independence, which is almost the same year -- '71, '72 -- it's a quite amazing development which had happened. 
Look at Bangladesh and Qatar. 
With so different incomes, it's almost the same drop in number of babies per woman. 
And what is the reason in Qatar? 
Well I do as I always do. 
I went to the statistical authority of Qatar, to their webpage -- It's a very good webpage. I recommend it -- and I looked up -- oh yeah, you can have lots of fun here -- and provided free of charge, I found Qatar's social trends. 
Very interesting. Lots to read. 
I found fertility at birth, and I looked at total fertility rate per woman. 
These are the scholars and experts in the government agency in Qatar, and they say the most important factors are: "Increased age at first marriage, increased educational level of Qatari woman and more women integrated in the labor force." 
I couldn't agree more. Science couldn't agree more. 
This is a country that indeed has gone through a very, very interesting modernization. 
So what it is, is these four: Children should survive, children shouldn't be needed for work, women should get education and join the labor force and family planning should be accessible. 
Now look again at this. 
The average number of children in the world is like in Colombia -- it's 2.4 today. 
There are countries up here which are very poor. 
And that's where family planning, better child survival is needed. 
I strongly recommend Melinda Gates' last TEDTalk. 
And here, down, there are many countries which are less than two children per woman. 
So when I go back now to give you the answer of the quiz, it's two. 
We have reached peak child. 
The number of children is not growing any longer in the world. 
We are still debating peak oil, but we have definitely reached peak child. 
And the world population will stop growing. 
The United Nations Population Division has said it will stop growing at 10 billion. 
But why do they grow if the number of children doesn't grow? 
Well I will show you here. 
I will use these card boxes in which your notebooks came. 
They are quite useful for educational purposes. 
Each card box is one billion people. 
And there are two billion children in the world. 
There are two billion young people between 15 and 30. 
These are rounded numbers. 
Then there is one billion between 30 and 45, almost one between 45 and 60. 
And then it's my box. 
This is me: 60-plus. 
We are here on top. 
So what will happen now is what we call "the big fill-up." 
You can see that it's like three billion missing here. 
They are not missing because they've died; they were never born. 
Because before 1980, there were much fewer people born than there were during the last 30 years. 
So what will happen now is quite straightforward. 
The old, sadly, we will die. 
The rest of you, you will grow older and you will get two billion children. 
Then the old will die. 
The rest will grow older and get two billion children. 
And then again the old will die and you will get two billion children. 
(Applause) This is the great fill-up. 
It's inevitable. 
And can you see that this increase took place without life getting longer and without adding children? 
Religion has very little to do with the number of babies per woman. 
All the religions in the world are fully capable to maintain their values and adapt to this new world. 
And we will be just 10 billion in this world, if the poorest people get out of poverty, their children survive, they get access to family planning. 
That is needed. 
But it's inevitable that we will be two to three billion more. 
So when you discuss and when you plan for the resources and the energy needed for the future, for human beings on this planet, you have to plan for 10 billion. 
Thank you very much. 
(Applause) 

I collaborate with bacteria. 
And I'm about to show you some stop-motion footage that I made recently where you'll see bacteria accumulating minerals from their environment over the period of an hour. 
So what you're seeing here is the bacteria metabolizing, and as they do so they create an electrical charge. 
And this attracts metals from their local environment. 
And these metals accumulate as minerals on the surface of the bacteria. 
One of the most pervasive problems in the world today for people is inadequate access to clean drinking water. 
And the desalination process is one where we take out salts. 
We can use it for drinking and agriculture. 
Removing the salts from water -- particularly seawater -- through reverse osmosis is a critical technique for countries who do not have access to clean drinking water around the globe. 
So seawater reverse osmosis is a membrane-filtration technology. 
We take the water from the sea and we apply pressure. 
And this pressure forces the seawater through a membrane. 
This takes energy, producing clean water. 
But we're also left with a concentrated salt solution, or brine. 
But the process is very expensive and it's cost-prohibitive for many countries around the globe. 
And also, the brine that's produced is oftentimes just pumped back out into the sea. 
And this is detrimental to the local ecology of the sea area that it's pumped back out into. 
So I work in Singapore at the moment, and this is a place that's really a leading place for desalination technology. 
And Singapore proposes by 2060 to produce [900] million liters per day of desalinated water. 
But this will produce an equally massive amount of desalination brine. 
And this is where my collaboration with bacteria comes into play. 
So what we're doing at the moment is we're accumulating metals like calcium, potassium and magnesium from out of desalination brine. 
And this, in terms of magnesium and the amount of water that I just mentioned, equates to a $4.5 billion mining industry for Singapore -- a place that doesn't have any natural resources. 
So I'd like you to image a mining industry in a way that one hasn't existed before; imagine a mining industry that doesn't mean defiling the Earth; imagine bacteria helping us do this by accumulating and precipitating and sedimenting minerals out of desalination brine. 
And what you can see here is the beginning of an industry in a test tube, a mining industry that is in harmony with nature. 
Thank you. 
(Applause) 

Thanks very much. 
I am Hannah Fry, the badass. 
And today I'm asking the question: Is life really that complex? 
Now, I've only got nine minutes to try and provide you with an answer, so what I've done is split this neatly into two parts: part one: yes; and later on, part two: no. 
Or, to be more accurate: no? 
(Laughter) So first of all, let me try and define what I mean by "complex." 
Now, I could give you a host of formal definitions, but in the simplest terms, any problem in complexity is something that Einstein and his peers can't do. 
So, let's imagine -- if the clicker works ... there we go. 
Einstein is playing a game of snooker. 
He's a clever chap, so he knows that when he hits the cue ball, he could write you an equation and tell you exactly where the red ball is going to hit the sides, how fast it's going and where it's going to end up. 
Now, if you scale these snooker balls up to the size of the solar system, Einstein can still help you. 
Sure, the physics changes, but if you wanted to know about the path of the Earth around the Sun, Einstein could write you an equation telling you where both objects are at any point in time. 
Now, with a surprising increase in difficulty, Einstein could include the Moon in his calculations. 
But as you add more and more planets, Mars and Jupiter, say, the problem gets too tough for Einstein to solve with a pen and paper. 
Now, strangely, if instead of having a handful of planets, you had millions of objects or even billions, the problem actually becomes much simpler, and Einstein is back in the game. 
Let me explain what I mean by this, by scaling these objects back down to a molecular level. 
If you wanted to trace the erratic path of an individual air molecule, you'd have absolutely no hope. 
But when you have millions of air molecules all together, they start to act in a way which is quantifiable, predictable and well-behaved. 
And thank goodness air is well-behaved, because if it wasn't, planes would fall out of the sky. 
Now, on an even bigger scale, across the whole of the world, the idea is exactly the same with all of these air molecules. 
It's true that you can't take an individual rain droplet and say where it's come from or where it's going to end up. 
But you can say with pretty good certainty whether it will be cloudy tomorrow. 
So that's it. 
In Einstein's time, this is how far science had got. 
We could do really small problems with a few objects with simple interactions, or we could do huge problems with millions of objects and simple interactions. 
But what about everything in the middle? 
Well, just seven years before Einstein's death, an American scientist called Warren Weaver made exactly this point. 
He said that scientific methodology has gone from one extreme to another, leaving out an untouched great middle region. 
Now, this middle region is where complexity science lies, and this is what I mean by complex. 
Now, unfortunately, almost every single problem you can think of to do with human behavior lies in this middle region. 
Einstein's got absolutely no idea how to model the movement of a crowd. 
There are too many people to look at them all individually and too few to treat them as a gas. 
Similarly, people are prone to annoying things like decisions and not wanting to walk into each other, which makes the problem all the more complicated. 
Einstein also couldn't tell you when the next stock market crash is going to be. 
Einstein couldn't tell you how to improve unemployment. 
Einstein can't even tell you whether the next iPhone is going to be a hit or a flop. 
So to conclude part one: we're completely screwed. 
We've got no tools to deal with this, and life is way too complex. 
But maybe there's hope, because in the last few years, we've begun to see the beginnings of a new area of science using mathematics to model our social systems. 
And I'm not just talking here about statistics and computer simulations. 
I'm talking about writing down equations about our society that will help us understand what's going on in the same way as with the snooker balls or the weather prediction. 
And this has come about because people have begun to realize that we can use and exploit analogies between our human systems and those of the physical world around us. 
Now, to give you an example: the incredibly complex problem of migration across Europe. 
Actually, as it turns out, when you view all of the people together, collectively, they behave as though they're following the laws of gravity. 
But instead of planets being attracted to one another, it's people who are attracted to areas with better job opportunities, higher pay, better quality of life and lower unemployment. 
And in the same way as people are more likely to go for opportunities close to where they live already -- London to Kent, for example, as opposed to London to Melbourne -- the gravitational effect of planets far away is felt much less. 
So, to give you another example: in 2008, a group in UCLA were looking into the patterns of burglary hot spots in the city. 
Now, one thing about burglaries is this idea of repeat victimization. 
So if you have a group of burglars who manage to successfully rob an area, they'll tend to return to that area and carry on burgling it. 
So they learn the layout of the houses, the escape routes and the local security measures that are in place. 
And this will continue to happen until local residents and police ramp up the security, at which point, the burglars will move off elsewhere. 
And it's that balance between burglars and security which creates these dynamic hot spots of the city. 
As it turns out, this is exactly the same process as how a leopard gets its spots, except in the leopard example, it's not burglars and security, it's the chemical process that creates these patterns and something called "morphogenesis." 
We actually know an awful lot about the morphogenesis of leopard spots. 
Maybe we can use this to try and spot some of the warning signs with burglaries and perhaps, also to create better crime strategies to prevent crime. 
There's a group here at UCL who are working with the West Midlands police right now on this very question. 
I could give you plenty of examples like this, but I wanted to leave you with one from my own research on the London riots. 
Now, you probably don't need me to tell you about the events of last summer, where London and the UK saw the worst sustained period of violent looting and arson for over twenty years. 
It's understandable that, as a society, we want to try and understand exactly what caused these riots, but also, perhaps, to equip our police with better strategies to lead to a swifter resolution in the future. 
Now, I don't want to upset the sociologists here, so I absolutely cannot talk about the individual motivations for a rioter, but when you look at the rioters all together, mathematically, you can separate it into a three-stage process and draw analogies accordingly. 
So, step one: let's say you've got a group of friends. 
None of them are involved in the riots, but one of them walks past a Foot Locker which is being raided, and goes in and bags himself a new pair of trainers. 
He texts one of his friends and says, "Come on down to the riots." 
So his friend joins him, and then the two of them text more of their friends, who join them, and text more of their friends and more and more, and so it continues. 
This process is identical to the way that a virus spreads through a population. 
If you think about the bird flu epidemic of a couple of years ago, the more people that were infected, the more people that got infected, and the faster the virus spread before the authorities managed to get a handle on events. 
And it's exactly the same process here. 
So let's say you've got a rioter, he's decided he's going to riot. 
The next thing he has to do is pick a riot site. 
Now, what you should know about rioters is that, um ... 
Oops, clicker's gone. There we go. 
What you should know about rioters is, they're not prepared to travel that far from where they live, unless it's a really juicy riot site. 
(Laughter) So you can see that here from this graph, with an awful lot of rioters having traveled less than a kilometer to the site that they went to. 
Now, this pattern is seen in consumer models of retail spending, i.e., where we choose to go shopping. 
So, of course, people like to go to local shops, but you'd be prepared to go a little bit further if it was a really good retail site. 
And this analogy, actually, was already picked up by some of the papers, with some tabloid press calling the events "Shopping with violence," which probably sums it up in terms of our research. 
Oh! -- we're going backwards. 
OK, step three. 
Finally, the rioter is at his site, and he wants to avoid getting caught by the police. 
The rioters will avoid the police at all times, but there is some safety in numbers. 
And on the flip side, the police, with their limited resources, are trying to protect as much of the city as possible, arrest rioters wherever possible and to create a deterrent effect. 
And actually, as it turns out, this mechanism between the two species, so to speak, of rioters and police, is identical to predators and prey in the wild. 
So if you can imagine rabbits and foxes, rabbits are trying to avoid foxes at all costs, while foxes are patrolling the space, trying to look for rabbits. 
We actually know an awful lot about the dynamics of predators and prey. 
We also know a lot about consumer spending flows. 
And we know a lot about how viruses spread through a population. 
So if you take these three analogies together and exploit them, you can come up with a mathematical model of what actually happened, that's capable of replicating the general patterns of the riots themselves. 
Now, once we've got this, we can almost use this as a petri dish and start having conversations about which areas of the city were more susceptible than others and what police tactics could be used if this were ever to happen again in the future. 
Even twenty years ago, modeling of this sort was completely unheard of. 
But I think that these analogies are an incredibly important tool in tackling problems with our society, and perhaps, ultimately improving our society overall. 
So, to conclude: life is complex, but perhaps understanding it need not necessarily be that complicated. 
Thank you. 
(Applause) 

There are a lot of ways the people around us can help improve our lives. 
We don't bump into every neighbor, so a lot of wisdom never gets passed on, though we do share the same public spaces. 
So over the past few years, I've tried ways to share more with my neighbors in public space, using simple tools like stickers, stencils and chalk. 
And these projects came from questions I had, like: How much are my neighbors paying for their apartments? 
(Laughter) How can we lend and borrow more things, without knocking on each other's doors at a bad time? 
How can we share more memories of our abandoned buildings, and gain a better understanding of our landscape? 
How can we share more of our hopes for our vacant storefronts, so our communities can reflect our needs and dreams today? 
Now, I live in New Orleans, and I am in love with New Orleans. 
My soul is always soothed by the giant live oak trees, shading lovers, drunks and dreamers for hundreds of years, and I trust a city that always makes way for music. 
I feel like every time someone sneezes, New Orleans has a parade. 
(Laughter) The city has some of the most beautiful architecture in the world, but it also has one of the highest amounts of abandoned properties in America. 
I live near this house, and I thought about how I could make it a nicer space for my neighborhood, and I also thought about something that changed my life forever. 
In 2009, I lost someone I loved very much. 
Her name was Joan, and she was a mother to me. 
And her death was sudden and unexpected. 
And I thought about death a lot. 
And ... this made me feel deep gratitude for the time I've had. 
And ... brought clarity to the things that are meaningful to my life now. 
But I struggle to maintain this perspective in my daily life. 
I feel like it's easy to get caught up in the day-to-day, and forget what really matters to you. 
So with help from old and new friends, I turned the side of this abandoned house into a giant chalkboard, and stenciled it with a fill-in-the-blank sentence: "Before I die, I want to ..." 
So anyone walking by can pick up a piece of chalk, reflect on their life, and share their personal aspirations in public space. 
I didn't know what to expect from this experiment, but by the next day, the wall was entirely filled out, and it kept growing. 
And I'd like to share a few things that people wrote on this wall. 
"Before I die, I want to be tried for piracy." 
(Laughter) "Before I die, I want to straddle the International Dateline." 
"Before I die, I want to sing for millions." 
"Before I die, I want to plant a tree." 
"Before I die, I want to live off the grid." 
"Before I die, I want to hold her one more time." 
"Before I die, I want to be someone's cavalry." 
"Before I die, I want to be completely myself." 
So this neglected space became a constructive one, and people's hopes and dreams made me laugh out loud, tear up, and they consoled me during my own tough times. 
It's about knowing you're not alone; it's about understanding our neighbors in new and enlightening ways; it's about making space for reflection and contemplation, and remembering what really matters most to us as we grow and change. 
I made this last year, and started receiving hundreds of messages from passionate people who wanted to make a wall with their community. 
So, my civic center colleagues and I made a tool kit, and now walls have been made in countries around the world, including Kazakhstan, South Africa, Australia, Argentina, and beyond. 
Together, we've shown how powerful our public spaces can be if we're given the opportunity to have a voice, and share more with one another. 
Two of the most valuable things we have are time, and our relationships with other people. 
In our age of increasing distractions, it's more important than ever to find ways to maintain perspective, and remember that life is brief and tender. 
Death is something that we're often discouraged to talk about, or even think about, but I've realized that preparing for death is one of the most empowering things you can do. 
Thinking about death clarifies your life. 
Our shared spaces can better reflect what matters to us, as individuals and as a community, and with more ways to share our hopes, fears and stories, the people around us can not only help us make better places, they can help us lead better lives. 
Thank you. 
(Applause) Thank you. 
(Applause) 

I am very, very happy to be amidst some of the most -- the lights are really disturbing my eyes and they're reflecting on my glasses. 
I am very happy and honored to be amidst very, very innovative and intelligent people. 
I have listened to the three previous speakers, and guess what happened? 
Every single thing I planned to say, they have said it here, and it looks and sounds like I have nothing else to say. 
(Laughter) But there is a saying in my culture that if a bud leaves a tree without saying something, that bud is a young one. 
So, I will -- since I am not young and am very old, I still will say something. 
We are hosting this conference at a very opportune moment, because another conference is taking place in Berlin. 
It is the G8 Summit. 
The G8 Summit proposes that the solution to Africa's problems should be a massive increase in aid, something akin to the Marshall Plan. 
Unfortunately, I personally do not believe in the Marshall Plan. 
One, because the benefits of the Marshall Plan have been overstated. 
Its largest recipients were Germany and France, and it was only 2.5 percent of their GDP. 
An average African country receives foreign aid to the tune of 13, 15 percent of its GDP, and that is an unprecedented transfer of financial resources from rich countries to poor countries. 
But I want to say that there are two things we need to connect. 
How the media covers Africa in the West, and the consequences of that. 
By displaying despair, helplessness and hopelessness, the media is telling the truth about Africa, and nothing but the truth. 
However, the media is not telling us the whole truth. 
Because despair, civil war, hunger and famine, although they're part and parcel of our African reality, they are not the only reality. 
And secondly, they are the smallest reality. 
Africa has 53 nations. 
We have civil wars only in six countries, which means that the media are covering only six countries. 
Africa has immense opportunities that never navigate through the web of despair and helplessness that the Western media largely presents to its audience. 
But the effect of that presentation is, it appeals to sympathy. 
It appeals to pity. It appeals to something called charity. 
And, as a consequence, the Western view of Africa's economic dilemma is framed wrongly. 
The wrong framing is a product of thinking that Africa is a place of despair. 
What should we do with it? We should give food to the hungry. 
We should deliver medicines to those who are ill. 
We should send peacekeeping troops to serve those who are facing a civil war. 
And in the process, Africa has been stripped of self-initiative. 
I want to say that it is important to recognize that Africa has fundamental weaknesses. 
But equally, it has opportunities and a lot of potential. 
We need to reframe the challenge that is facing Africa, from a challenge of despair, which is called poverty reduction, to a challenge of hope. 
We frame it as a challenge of hope, and that is worth creation. 
The challenge facing all those who are interested in Africa is not the challenge of reducing poverty. 
It should be a challenge of creating wealth. 
Once we change those two things -- if you say the Africans are poor and they need poverty reduction, you have the international cartel of good intentions moving onto the continent, with what? 
Medicines for the poor, food relief for those who are hungry, and peacekeepers for those who are facing civil war. 
And in the process, none of these things really are productive because you are treating the symptoms, not the causes of Africa's fundamental problems. 
Sending somebody to school and giving them medicines, ladies and gentlemen, does not create wealth for them. 
Wealth is a function of income, and income comes from you finding a profitable trading opportunity or a well-paying job. 
Now, once we begin to talk about wealth creation in Africa, our second challenge will be, who are the wealth-creating agents in any society? 
They are entrepreneurs. [Unclear] told us they are always about four percent of the population, but 16 percent are imitators. 
But they also succeed at the job of entrepreneurship. 
So, where should we be putting the money? 
We need to put money where it can productively grow. 
Support private investment in Africa, both domestic and foreign. 
Support research institutions, because knowledge is an important part of wealth creation. 
But what is the international aid community doing with Africa today? 
They are throwing large sums of money for primary health, for primary education, for food relief. 
The entire continent has been turned into a place of despair, in need of charity. 
Ladies and gentlemen, can any one of you tell me a neighbor, a friend, a relative that you know, who became rich by receiving charity? 
By holding the begging bowl and receiving alms? 
Does any one of you in the audience have that person? 
Does any one of you know a country that developed because of the generosity and kindness of another? 
Well, since I'm not seeing the hand, it appears that what I'm stating is true. 
(Bono: Yes!) Andrew Mwenda: I can see Bono says he knows the country. 
Which country is that? 
(Bono: It's an Irish land.) (Laughter) (Bono: [unclear]) AM: Thank you very much. But let me tell you this. 
External actors can only present to you an opportunity. 
The ability to utilize that opportunity and turn it into an advantage depends on your internal capacity. 
Africa has received many opportunities. 
Many of them we haven't benefited much. 
Why? Because we lack the internal, institutional framework and policy framework that can make it possible for us to benefit from our external relations. I'll give you an example. 
Under the Cotonou Agreement, formerly known as the Lome Convention, African countries have been given an opportunity by Europe to export goods, duty-free, to the European Union market. 
My own country, Uganda, has a quota to export 50,000 metric tons of sugar to the European Union market. 
We haven't exported one kilogram yet. 
We import 50,000 metric tons of sugar from Brazil and Cuba. 
Secondly, under the beef protocol of that agreement, African countries that produce beef have quotas to export beef duty-free to the European Union market. 
None of those countries, including Africa's most successful nation, Botswana, has ever met its quota. 
So, I want to argue today that the fundamental source of Africa's inability to engage the rest of the world in a more productive relationship is because it has a poor institutional and policy framework. 
And all forms of intervention need support, the evolution of the kinds of institutions that create wealth, the kinds of institutions that increase productivity. 
How do we begin to do that, and why is aid the bad instrument? 
Aid is the bad instrument, and do you know why? 
Because all governments across the world need money to survive. 
Money is needed for a simple thing like keeping law and order. 
You have to pay the army and the police to show law and order. 
And because many of our governments are quite dictatorial, they need really to have the army clobber the opposition. 
The second thing you need to do is pay your political hangers-on. 
Why should people support their government? 
Well, because it gives them good, paying jobs, or, in many African countries, unofficial opportunities to profit from corruption. 
The fact is no government in the world, with the exception of a few, like that of Idi Amin, can seek to depend entirely on force as an instrument of rule. 
Many countries in the [unclear], they need legitimacy. 
To get legitimacy, governments often need to deliver things like primary education, primary health, roads, build hospitals and clinics. 
If the government's fiscal survival depends on it having to raise money from its own people, such a government is driven by self-interest to govern in a more enlightened fashion. 
It will sit with those who create wealth. 
Talk to them about the kind of policies and institutions that are necessary for them to expand a scale and scope of business so that it can collect more tax revenues from them. 
The problem with the African continent and the problem with the aid industry is that it has distorted the structure of incentives facing the governments in Africa. 
The productive margin in our governments' search for revenue does not lie in the domestic economy, it lies with international donors. 
Rather than sit with Ugandan -- (Applause) -- rather than sit with Ugandan entrepreneurs, Ghanaian businessmen, South African enterprising leaders, our governments find it more productive to talk to the IMF and the World Bank. 
I can tell you, even if you have ten Ph.Ds., you can never beat Bill Gates in understanding the computer industry. 
Why? Because the knowledge that is required for you to understand the incentives necessary to expand a business -- it requires that you listen to the people, the private sector actors in that industry. 
Governments in Africa have therefore been given an opportunity, by the international community, to avoid building productive arrangements with your own citizens, and therefore allowed to begin endless negotiations with the IMF and the World Bank, and then it is the IMF and the World Bank that tell them what its citizens need. 
In the process, we, the African people, have been sidelined from the policy-making, policy-orientation, and policy- implementation process in our countries. 
We have limited input, because he who pays the piper calls the tune. 
The IMF, the World Bank, and the cartel of good intentions in the world has taken over our rights as citizens, and therefore what our governments are doing, because they depend on aid, is to listen to international creditors rather than their own citizens. 
But I want to put a caveat on my argument, and that caveat is that it is not true that aid is always destructive. 
Some aid may have built a hospital, fed a hungry village. 
It may have built a road, and that road may have served a very good role. 
The mistake of the international aid industry is to pick these isolated incidents of success, generalize them, pour billions and trillions of dollars into them, and then spread them across the whole world, ignoring the specific and unique circumstances in a given village, the skills, the practices, the norms and habits that allowed that small aid project to succeed -- like in Sauri village, in Kenya, where Jeffrey Sachs is working -- and therefore generalize this experience as the experience of everybody. 
Aid increases the resources available to governments, and that makes working in a government the most profitable thing you can have, as a person in Africa seeking a career. 
By increasing the political attractiveness of the state, especially in our ethnically fragmented societies in Africa, aid tends to accentuate ethnic tensions as every single ethnic group now begins struggling to enter the state in order to get access to the foreign aid pie. 
Ladies and gentlemen, the most enterprising people in Africa cannot find opportunities to trade and to work in the private sector because the institutional and policy environment is hostile to business. 
Governments are not changing it. Why? 
Because they don't need to talk to their own citizens. 
They talk to international donors. 
So, the most enterprising Africans end up going to work for government, and that has increased the political tensions in our countries precisely because we depend on aid. 
I also want to say that it is important for us to note that, over the last 50 years, Africa has been receiving increasing aid from the international community, in the form of technical assistance, and financial aid, and all other forms of aid. 
Between 1960 and 2003, our continent received 600 billion dollars of aid, and we are still told that there is a lot of poverty in Africa. 
Where has all the aid gone? 
I want to use the example of my own country, called Uganda, and the kind of structure of incentives that aid has brought there. 
In the 2006-2007 budget, expected revenue: 2.5 trillion shillings. 
The expected foreign aid: 1.9 trillion. 
Uganda's recurrent expenditure -- by recurrent what do I mean? 
Hand-to-mouth is 2.6 trillion. 
Why does the government of Uganda budget spend 110 percent of its own revenue? 
It's because there's somebody there called foreign aid, who contributes for it. 
But this shows you that the government of Uganda is not committed to spending its own revenue to invest in productive investments, but rather it devotes this revenue to paying structure of public expenditure. 
Public administration, which is largely patronage, takes 690 billion. 
The military, 380 billion. 
Agriculture, which employs 18 percent of our poverty-stricken citizens, takes only 18 billion. 
Trade and industry takes 43 billion. 
And let me show you, what does public expenditure -- rather, public administration expenditure -- in Uganda constitute? 
There you go. 70 cabinet ministers, 114 presidential advisers, by the way, who never see the president, except on television. 
(Laughter) (Applause) And when they see him physically, it is at public functions like this, and even there, it is him who advises them. 
(Laughter) We have 81 units of local government. 
Each local government is organized like the central government -- a bureaucracy, a cabinet, a parliament, and so many jobs for the political hangers-on. 
There were 56, and when our president wanted to amend the constitution and remove term limits, he had to create 25 new districts, and now there are 81. 
Three hundred thirty-three members of parliament. 
You need Wembley Stadium to host our parliament. 
One hundred thirty-four commissions and semi-autonomous government bodies, all of which have directors and the cars. And the final thing, this is addressed to Mr. Bono. In his work, he may help us on this. 
A recent government of Uganda study found that there are 3,000 four-wheel drive motor vehicles at the Minister of Health headquarters. 
Uganda has 961 sub-counties, each of them with a dispensary, none of which has an ambulance. 
So, the four-wheel drive vehicles at the headquarters drive the ministers, the permanent secretaries, the bureaucrats and the international aid bureaucrats who work in aid projects, while the poor die without ambulances and medicine. 
Finally, I want to say that before I came to speak here, I was told that the principle of TEDGlobal is that the good speech should be like a miniskirt. 
It should be short enough to arouse interest, but long enough to cover the subject. 
I hope I have achieved that. 
(Laughter) Thank you very much. 
(Applause) 

I'm here today to talk about a disturbing question, which has an equally disturbing answer. 
My topic is the secrets of domestic violence, and the question I'm going to tackle is the one question everyone always asks: Why does she stay? 
Why would anyone stay with a man who beats her? 
I'm not a psychiatrist, a social worker or an expert in domestic violence. 
I'm just one woman with a story to tell. 
I was 22. I had just graduated from Harvard College. 
I had moved to New York City for my first job as a writer and editor at Seventeen magazine. 
I had my first apartment, my first little green American Express card, and I had a very big secret. 
My secret was that I had this gun loaded with hollow-point bullets pointed at my head by the man who I thought was my soulmate, many, many times. 
The man who I loved more than anybody on Earth held a gun to my head and threatened to kill me more times than I can even remember. 
I'm here to tell you the story of crazy love, a psychological trap disguised as love, one that millions of women and even a few men fall into every year. 
It may even be your story. 
I don't look like a typical domestic violence survivor. 
I have a B.A. in English from Harvard College, an MBA in marketing from Wharton Business School. 
I've spent most of my career working for Fortune 500 companies including Johnson &amp; Johnson, Leo Burnett and The Washington Post. 
I've been married for almost 20 years to my second husband and we have three kids together. 
My dog is a black lab, and I drive a Honda Odyssey minivan. 
(Laughter) So my first message for you is that domestic violence happens to everyone -- all races, all religions, all income and education levels. 
It's everywhere. 
And my second message is that everyone thinks domestic violence happens to women, that it's a women's issue. 
Not exactly. 
Over 85 percent of abusers are men, and domestic abuse happens only in intimate, interdependent, long-term relationships, in other words, in families, the last place we would want or expect to find violence, which is one reason domestic abuse is so confusing. 
I would have told you myself that I was the last person on Earth who would stay with a man who beats me, but in fact I was a very typical victim because of my age. 
I was 22, and in the United States, women ages 16 to 24 are three times as likely to be domestic violence victims as women of other ages, and over 500 women and girls this age are killed every year by abusive partners, boyfriends, and husbands in the United States. 
I was also a very typical victim because I knew nothing about domestic violence, its warning signs or its patterns. 
I met Conor on a cold, rainy January night. 
He sat next to me on the New York City subway, and he started chatting me up. 
He told me two things. 
One was that he, too, had just graduated from an Ivy League school, and that he worked at a very impressive Wall Street bank. 
But what made the biggest impression on me that first meeting was that he was smart and funny and he looked like a farm boy. 
He had these big cheeks, these big apple cheeks and this wheat-blond hair, and he seemed so sweet. 
One of the smartest things Conor did, from the very beginning, was to create the illusion that I was the dominant partner in the relationship. 
He did this especially at the beginning by idolizing me. 
We started dating, and he loved everything about me, that I was smart, that I'd gone to Harvard, that I was passionate about helping teenage girls, and my job. 
He wanted to know everything about my family and my childhood and my hopes and dreams. 
Conor believed in me, as a writer and a woman, in a way that no one else ever had. 
And he also created a magical atmosphere of trust between us by confessing his secret, which was that, as a very young boy starting at age four, he had been savagely and repeatedly physically abused by his stepfather, and the abuse had gotten so bad that he had had to drop out of school in eighth grade, even though he was very smart, and he'd spent almost 20 years rebuilding his life. 
Which is why that Ivy League degree and the Wall Street job and his bright shiny future meant so much to him. 
If you had told me that this smart, funny, sensitive man who adored me would one day dictate whether or not I wore makeup, how short my skirts were, where I lived, what jobs I took, who my friends were and where I spent Christmas, I would have laughed at you, because there was not a hint of violence or control or anger in Conor at the beginning. 
I didn't know that the first stage in any domestic violence relationship is to seduce and charm the victim. 
I also didn't know that the second step is to isolate the victim. 
Now, Conor did not come home one day and announce, "You know, hey, all this Romeo and Juliet stuff has been great, but I need to move into the next phase where I isolate you and I abuse you"  (Laughter)  "so I need to get you out of this apartment where the neighbors can hear you scream and out of this city where you have friends and family and coworkers who can see the bruises." 
Instead, Conor came home one Friday evening and he told me that he had quit his job that day, his dream job, and he said that he had quit his job because of me, because I had made him feel so safe and loved that he didn't need to prove himself on Wall Street anymore, and he just wanted to get out of the city and away from his abusive, dysfunctional family, and move to a tiny town in New England where he could start his life over with me by his side. 
Now, the last thing I wanted to do was leave New York, and my dream job, but I thought you made sacrifices for your soulmate, so I agreed, and I quit my job, and Conor and I left Manhattan together. 
I had no idea I was falling into crazy love, that I was walking headfirst into a carefully laid physical, financial and psychological trap. 
The next step in the domestic violence pattern is to introduce the threat of violence and see how she reacts. 
And here's where those guns come in. 
As soon as we moved to New England -- you know, that place where Connor was supposed to feel so safe -- he bought three guns. 
He kept one in the glove compartment of our car. 
He kept one under the pillows on our bed, and the third one he kept in his pocket at all times. 
And he said that he needed those guns because of the trauma he'd experienced as a young boy. 
He needed them to feel protected. 
But those guns were really a message for me, and even though he hadn't raised a hand to me, my life was already in grave danger every minute of every day. 
Conor first physically attacked me five days before our wedding. 
It was 7 a.m. I still had on my nightgown. 
I was working on my computer trying to finish a freelance writing assignment, and I got frustrated, and Conor used my anger as an excuse to put both of his hands around my neck and to squeeze so tightly that I could not breathe or scream, and he used the chokehold to hit my head repeatedly against the wall. 
Five days later, the ten bruises on my neck had just faded, and I put on my mother's wedding dress, and I married him. 
Despite what had happened, I was sure we were going to live happily ever after, because I loved him, and he loved me so much. 
And he was very, very sorry. 
He had just been really stressed out by the wedding and by becoming a family with me. 
It was an isolated incident, and he was never going to hurt me again. 
It happened twice more on the honeymoon. 
The first time, I was driving to find a secret beach and I got lost, and he punched me in the side of my head so hard that the other side of my head repeatedly hit the driver's side window. 
And then a few days later, driving home from our honeymoon, he got frustrated by traffic, and he threw a cold Big Mac in my face. 
Conor proceeded to beat me once or twice a week for the next two and a half years of our marriage. 
I was mistaken in thinking that I was unique and alone in this situation. 
One in three American women experiences domestic violence or stalking at some point in her life, and the CDC reports that 15 million children are abused every year, 15 million. 
So actually, I was in very good company. 
Back to my question: Why did I stay? 
The answer is easy. 
I didn't know he was abusing me. 
Even though he held those loaded guns to my head, pushed me down stairs, threatened to kill our dog, pulled the key out of the car ignition as I drove down the highway, poured coffee grinds on my head as I dressed for a job interview, I never once thought of myself as a battered wife. 
Instead, I was a very strong woman in love with a deeply troubled man, and I was the only person on Earth who could help Conor face his demons. 
The other question everybody asks is, why doesn't she just leave? 
Why didn't I walk out? I could have left any time. 
To me, this is the saddest and most painful question that people ask, because we victims know something you usually don't: It's incredibly dangerous to leave an abuser. 
Because the final step in the domestic violence pattern is kill her. 
Over 70 percent of domestic violence murders happen after the victim has ended the relationship, after she's gotten out, because then the abuser has nothing left to lose. 
Other outcomes include long-term stalking, even after the abuser remarries; denial of financial resources; and manipulation of the family court system to terrify the victim and her children, who are regularly forced by family court judges to spend unsupervised time with the man who beat their mother. 
And still we ask, why doesn't she just leave? 
I was able to leave, because of one final, sadistic beating that broke through my denial. 
I realized that the man who I loved so much was going to kill me if I let him. 
So I broke the silence. 
I told everyone: the police, my neighbors, my friends and family, total strangers, and I'm here today because you all helped me. 
We tend to stereotype victims as grisly headlines, self-destructive women, damaged goods. 
The question, "Why does she stay?" 
is code for some people for, "It's her fault for staying," as if victims intentionally choose to fall in love with men intent upon destroying us. 
But since publishing "Crazy Love," I have heard hundreds of stories from men and women who also got out, who learned an invaluable life lesson from what happened, and who rebuilt lives -- joyous, happy lives -- as employees, wives and mothers, lives completely free of violence, like me. 
Because it turns out that I'm actually a very typical domestic violence victim and a typical domestic violence survivor. 
I remarried a kind and gentle man, and we have those three kids. 
I have that black lab, and I have that minivan. 
What I will never have again, ever, is a loaded gun held to my head by someone who says that he loves me. 
Right now, maybe you're thinking, "Wow, this is fascinating," or, "Wow, how stupid was she," but this whole time, I've actually been talking about you. 
I promise you there are several people listening to me right now who are currently being abused or who were abused as children or who are abusers themselves. 
Abuse could be affecting your daughter, your sister, your best friend right now. 
I was able to end my own crazy love story by breaking the silence. 
I'm still breaking the silence today. 
It's my way of helping other victims, and it's my final request of you. 
Talk about what you heard here. 
Abuse thrives only in silence. 
You have the power to end domestic violence simply by shining a spotlight on it. 
We victims need everyone. 
We need every one of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence. 
Show abuse the light of day by talking about it with your children, your coworkers, your friends and family. 
Recast survivors as wonderful, lovable people with full futures. 
Recognize the early signs of violence and conscientiously intervene, deescalate it, show victims a safe way out. 
Together we can make our beds, our dinner tables and our families the safe and peaceful oases they should be. 
Thank you. 
(Applause) 

Salaam alaikum. 
Welcome to Doha. 
I am in charge of making this country's food secure. 
That is my job for the next two years, to design an entire master plan, and then for the next 10 years to implement it -- of course, with so many other people. 
But first, I need to talk to you about a story, which is my story, about the story of this country that you're all here in today. 
And of course, most of you have had three meals today, and probably will continue to have after this event. 
So going in, what was Qatar in the 1940s? 
We were about 11,000 people living here. 
There was no water. There was no energy, no oil, no cars, none of that. 
Most of the people who lived here either lived in coastal villages, fishing, or were nomads who roamed around with the environment trying to find water. 
None of the glamour that you see today existed. 
No cities like you see today in Doha or Dubai or Abu Dhabi or Kuwait or Riyadh. 
It wasn't that they couldn't develop cities. 
Resources weren't there to develop them. 
And you can see that life expectancy was also short. 
Most people died around the age of 50. 
So let's move to chapter two: the oil era. 
1939, that's when they discovered oil. 
But unfortunately, it wasn't really fully exploited commercially until after the Second World War. 
What did it do? 
It changed the face of this country, as you can see today and witness. 
It also made all those people who roamed around the desert -- looking for water, looking for food, trying to take care of their livestock -- urbanize. 
You might find this strange, but in my family we have different accents. 
My mother has an accent that is so different to my father, and we're all a population of about 300,000 people in the same country. 
There are about five or six accents in this country as I speak. 
Someone says, "How so? How could this happen?" 
Because we lived scattered. 
We couldn't live in a concentrated way simply because there was no resources. 
And when the resources came, be it oil, we started building these fancy technologies and bringing people together because we needed the concentration. 
People started to get to know each other. 
And we realized that there are some differences in accents. 
So that is the chapter two: the oil era. 
Let's look at today. 
This is probably the skyline that most of you know about Doha. 
So what's the population today? 
It's 1.7 million people. 
That is in less than 60 years. 
The average growth of our economy is about 15 percent for the past five years. 
Lifespan has increased to 78. 
Water consumption has increased to 430 liters. 
And this is amongst the highest worldwide. 
From having no water whatsoever to consuming water to the highest degree, higher than any other nation. 
I don't know if this was a reaction to lack of water. 
But what is interesting about the story that I've just said? 
The interesting part is that we continue to grow 15 percent every year for the past five years without water. 
Now that is historic. It's never happened before in history. 
Cities were totally wiped out because of the lack of water. 
This is history being made in this region. 
Not only cities that we're building, but cities with dreams and people who are wishing to be scientists, doctors. 
Build a nice home, bring the architect, design my house. 
These people are adamant that this is a livable space when it wasn't. 
But of course, with the use of technology. 
So Brazil has 1,782 millimeters per year of precipitation of rain. 
Qatar has 74, and we have that growth rate. 
The question is how. 
How could we survive that? 
We have no water whatsoever. 
Simply because of this gigantic, mammoth machine called desalination. 
Energy is the key factor here. It changed everything. 
It is that thing that we pump out of the ground, we burn tons of, probably most of you used it coming to Doha. 
So that is our lake, if you can see it. 
That is our river. 
That is how you all happen to use and enjoy water. 
This is the best technology that this region could ever have: desalination. 
So what are the risks? 
Do you worry much? 
I would say, perhaps if you look at the global facts, you will realize, of course I have to worry. 
There is growing demand, growing population. 
We've turned seven billion only a few months ago. 
And so that number also demands food. 
And there's predictions that we'll be nine billion by 2050. 
So a country that has no water has to worry about what happens beyond its borders. 
There's also changing diets. 
By elevating to a higher socio-economic level, they also change their diet. 
They start eating more meat and so on and so forth. 
On the other hand, there is declining yields because of climate change and because of other factors. 
And so someone has to really realize when the crisis is going to happen. 
This is the situation in Qatar, for those who don't know. 
We only have two days of water reserve. 
We import 90 percent of our food, and we only cultivate less than one percent of our land. 
The limited number of farmers that we have have been pushed out of their farming practices as a result of open market policy and bringing the big competitions, etc., etc. 
So we also face risks. 
These risks directly affect the sustainability of this nation and its continuity. 
The question is, is there a solution? 
Is there a sustainable solution? 
Indeed there is. 
This slide sums up thousands of pages of technical documents that we've been working on over the past two years. 
Let's start with the water. 
So we know very well -- I showed you earlier -- that we need this energy. 
So if we're going to need energy, what sort of energy? 
A depletable energy? Fossil fuel? 
Or should we use something else? 
Do we have the comparative advantage to use another sort of energy? 
I guess most of you by now realize that we do: 300 days of sun. 
And so we will use that renewable energy to produce the water that we need. 
And we will probably put 1,800 megawatts of solar systems to produce 3.5 million cubic meters of water. 
And that is a lot of water. 
That water will go then to the farmers, and the farmers will be able to water their plants, and they will be able then to supply society with food. 
But in order to sustain the horizontal line -- because these are the projects, these are the systems that we will deliver -- we need to also develop the vertical line: system sustenance, high-level education, research and development, industries, technologies, to produce these technologies for application, and finally markets. 
But what gels all of it, what enables it, is legislation, policies, regulations. 
Without it we can't do anything. 
So that's what we are planning to do. 
Within two years we should hopefully be done with this plan and taking it to implementation. 
Our objective is to be a millennium city, just like many millennium cities around: Istanbul, Rome, London, Paris, Damascus, Cairo. 
We are only 60 years old, but we want to live forever as a city, to live in peace. 
Thank you very much. 
(Applause) 

The kind of neuroscience that I do and my colleagues do is almost like the weatherman. 
We are always chasing storms. 
We want to see and measure storms -- brainstorms, that is. 
And we all talk about brainstorms in our daily lives, but we rarely see or listen to one. 
So I always like to start these talks by actually introducing you to one of them. 
Actually, the first time we recorded more than one neuron -- a hundred brain cells simultaneously -- we could measure the electrical sparks of a hundred cells in the same animal, this is the first image we got, the first 10 seconds of this recording. 
So we got a little snippet of a thought, and we could see it in front of us. 
I always tell the students that we could also call neuroscientists some sort of astronomer, because we are dealing with a system that is only comparable in terms of number of cells to the number of galaxies that we have in the universe. 
And here we are, out of billions of neurons, just recording, 10 years ago, a hundred. 
We are doing a thousand now. 
And we hope to understand something fundamental about our human nature. 
Because, if you don't know yet, everything that we use to define what human nature is comes from these storms, comes from these storms that roll over the hills and valleys of our brains and define our memories, our beliefs, our feelings, our plans for the future. 
Everything that we ever do, everything that every human has ever done, do or will do, requires the toil of populations of neurons producing these kinds of storms. 
And the sound of a brainstorm, if you've never heard one, is somewhat like this. 
You can put it louder if you can. 
My son calls this "making popcorn while listening to a badly-tuned A.M. station." 
This is a brain. 
This is what happens when you route these electrical storms to a loudspeaker and you listen to a hundred brain cells firing, your brain will sound like this -- my brain, any brain. 
And what we want to do as neuroscientists in this time is to actually listen to these symphonies, these brain symphonies, and try to extract from them the messages they carry. 
In particular, about 12 years ago we created a preparation that we named brain-machine interfaces. 
And you have a scheme here that describes how it works. 
The idea is, let's have some sensors that listen to these storms, this electrical firing, and see if you can, in the same time that it takes for this storm to leave the brain and reach the legs or the arms of an animal -- about half a second -- let's see if we can read these signals, extract the motor messages that are embedded in it, translate it into digital commands and send it to an artificial device that will reproduce the voluntary motor wheel of that brain in real time. 
And see if we can measure how well we can translate that message when we compare to the way the body does that. 
And if we can actually provide feedback, sensory signals that go back from this robotic, mechanical, computational actuator that is now under the control of the brain, back to the brain, how the brain deals with that, of receiving messages from an artificial piece of machinery. 
And that's exactly what we did 10 years ago. 
We started with a superstar monkey called Aurora that became one of the superstars of this field. 
And Aurora liked to play video games. 
As you can see here, she likes to use a joystick, like any one of us, any of our kids, to play this game. 
And as a good primate, she even tries to cheat before she gets the right answer. 
So even before a target appears that she's supposed to cross with the cursor that she's controlling with this joystick, Aurora is trying to find the target, no matter where it is. 
And if she's doing that, because every time she crosses that target with the little cursor, she gets a drop of Brazilian orange juice. 
And I can tell you, any monkey will do anything for you if you get a little drop of Brazilian orange juice. 
Actually any primate will do that. 
Think about that. 
Well, while Aurora was playing this game, as you saw, and doing a thousand trials a day and getting 97 percent correct and 350 milliliters of orange juice, we are recording the brainstorms that are produced in her head and sending them to a robotic arm that was learning to reproduce the movements that Aurora was making. 
Because the idea was to actually turn on this brain-machine interface and have Aurora play the game just by thinking, without interference of her body. 
Her brainstorms would control an arm that would move the cursor and cross the target. 
And to our shock, that's exactly what Aurora did. 
She played the game without moving her body. 
So every trajectory that you see of the cursor now, this is the exact first moment she got that. 
That's the exact first moment a brain intention was liberated from the physical domains of a body of a primate and could act outside, in that outside world, just by controlling an artificial device. 
And Aurora kept playing the game, kept finding the little target and getting the orange juice that she wanted to get, that she craved for. 
Well, she did that because she, at that time, had acquired a new arm. 
The robotic arm that you see moving here 30 days later, after the first video that I showed to you, is under the control of Aurora's brain and is moving the cursor to get to the target. 
And Aurora now knows that she can play the game with this robotic arm, but she has not lost the ability to use her biological arms to do what she pleases. 
She can scratch her back, she can scratch one of us, she can play another game. 
By all purposes and means, Aurora's brain has incorporated that artificial device as an extension of her body. 
The model of the self that Aurora had in her mind has been expanded to get one more arm. 
Well, we did that 10 years ago. 
Just fast forward 10 years. 
Just last year we realized that you don't even need to have a robotic device. 
You can just build a computational body, an avatar, a monkey avatar. 
And you can actually use it for our monkeys to either interact with them, or you can train them to assume in a virtual world the first-person perspective of that avatar and use her brain activity to control the movements of the avatar's arms or legs. 
And what we did basically was to train the animals to learn how to control these avatars and explore objects that appear in the virtual world. 
And these objects are visually identical, but when the avatar crosses the surface of these objects, they send an electrical message that is proportional to the microtactile texture of the object that goes back directly to the monkey's brain, informing the brain what it is the avatar is touching. 
And in just four weeks, the brain learns to process this new sensation and acquires a new sensory pathway -- like a new sense. 
And you truly liberate the brain now because you are allowing the brain to send motor commands to move this avatar. 
And the feedback that comes from the avatar is being processed directly by the brain without the interference of the skin. 
So what you see here is this is the design of the task. 
You're going to see an animal basically touching these three targets. 
And he has to select one because only one carries the reward, the orange juice that they want to get. 
And he has to select it by touch using a virtual arm, an arm that doesn't exist. 
And that's exactly what they do. 
This is a complete liberation of the brain from the physical constraints of the body and the motor in a perceptual task. 
The animal is controlling the avatar to touch the targets. 
And he's sensing the texture by receiving an electrical message directly in the brain. 
And the brain is deciding what is the texture associated with the reward. 
The legends that you see in the movie don't appear for the monkey. 
And by the way, they don't read English anyway, so they are here just for you to know that the correct target is shifting position. 
And yet, they can find them by tactile discrimination, and they can press it and select it. 
So when we look at the brains of these animals, on the top panel you see the alignment of 125 cells showing what happens with the brain activity, the electrical storms, of this sample of neurons in the brain when the animal is using a joystick. 
And that's a picture that every neurophysiologist knows. 
The basic alignment shows that these cells are coding for all possible directions. 
The bottom picture is what happens when the body stops moving and the animal starts controlling either a robotic device or a computational avatar. 
As fast as we can reset our computers, the brain activity shifts to start representing this new tool, as if this too was a part of that primate's body. 
The brain is assimilating that too, as fast as we can measure. 
So that suggests to us that our sense of self does not end at the last layer of the epithelium of our bodies, but it ends at the last layer of electrons of the tools that we're commanding with our brains. 
Our violins, our cars, our bicycles, our soccer balls, our clothing -- they all become assimilated by this voracious, amazing, dynamic system called the brain. 
How far can we take it? 
Well, in an experiment that we ran a few years ago, we took this to the limit. 
We had an animal running on a treadmill at Duke University on the East Coast of the United States, producing the brainstorms necessary to move. 
And we had a robotic device, a humanoid robot, in Kyoto, Japan at ATR Laboratories that was dreaming its entire life to be controlled by a brain, a human brain, or a primate brain. 
What happens here is that the brain activity that generated the movements in the monkey was transmitted to Japan and made this robot walk while footage of this walking was sent back to Duke, so that the monkey could see the legs of this robot walking in front of her. 
So she could be rewarded, not by what her body was doing but for every correct step of the robot on the other side of the planet controlled by her brain activity. 
Funny thing, that round trip around the globe took 20 milliseconds less than it takes for that brainstorm to leave its head, the head of the monkey, and reach its own muscle. 
The monkey was moving a robot that was six times bigger, across the planet. 
This is one of the experiments in which that robot was able to walk autonomously. 
This is CB1 fulfilling its dream in Japan under the control of the brain activity of a primate. 
So where are we taking all this? 
What are we going to do with all this research, besides studying the properties of this dynamic universe that we have between our ears? 
Well the idea is to take all this knowledge and technology and try to restore one of the most severe neurological problems that we have in the world. 
Millions of people have lost the ability to translate these brainstorms into action, into movement. 
Although their brains continue to produce those storms and code for movements, they cannot cross a barrier that was created by a lesion on the spinal cord. 
So our idea is to create a bypass, is to use these brain-machine interfaces to read these signals, larger-scale brainstorms that contain the desire to move again, bypass the lesion using computational microengineering and send it to a new body, a whole body called an exoskeleton, a whole robotic suit that will become the new body of these patients. 
And you can see an image produced by this consortium. 
This is a nonprofit consortium called the Walk Again Project that is putting together scientists from Europe, from here in the United States, and in Brazil together to work to actually get this new body built -- a body that we believe, through the same plastic mechanisms that allow Aurora and other monkeys to use these tools through a brain-machine interface and that allows us to incorporate the tools that we produce and use in our daily life. 
This same mechanism, we hope, will allow these patients, not only to imagine again the movements that they want to make and translate them into movements of this new body, but for this body to be assimilated as the new body that the brain controls. 
So I was told about 10 years ago that this would never happen, that this was close to impossible. 
And I can only tell you that as a scientist, I grew up in southern Brazil in the mid-'60s watching a few crazy guys telling [us] that they would go to the Moon. 
And I was five years old, and I never understood why NASA didn't hire Captain Kirk and Spock to do the job; after all, they were very proficient -- but just seeing that as a kid made me believe, as my grandmother used to tell me, that "impossible is just the possible that someone has not put in enough effort to make it come true." 
So they told me that it's impossible to make someone walk. 
I think I'm going to follow my grandmother's advice. 
Thank you. 
(Applause) 

This is where I live. I live in Kenya, at the south parts of the Nairobi National Park. 
Those are my dad's cows at the back, and behind the cows, that's the Nairobi National Park. 
Nairobi National Park is not fenced in the south widely, which means wild animals like zebras migrate out of the park freely. 
So predators like lions follow them, and this is what they do. 
They kill our livestock. 
This is one of the cows which was killed at night, and I just woke up in the morning and I found it dead, and I felt so bad, because it was the only bull we had. 
My community, the Maasai, we believe that we came from heaven with all our animals and all the land for herding them, and that's why we value them so much. 
So I grew up hating lions so much. 
The morans are the warriors who protect our community and the livestock, and they're also upset about this problem. 
So they kill the lions. 
It's one of the six lions which were killed in Nairobi. 
And I think this is why the Nairobi National Park lions are few. 
So a boy, from six to nine years old, in my community is responsible for his dad's cows, and that's the same thing which happened to me. 
So I had to find a way of solving this problem. 
And the first idea I got was to use fire, because I thought lions were scared of fire. 
But I came to realize that that didn't really help, because it was even helping the lions to see through the cowshed. 
So I didn't give up. I continued. 
And a second idea I got was to use a scarecrow. 
I was trying to trick the lions [into thinking] that I was standing near the cowshed. 
But lions are very clever. (Laughter) They will come the first day and they see the scarecrow, and they go back, but the second day, they'll come and they say, this thing is not moving here, it's always here. (Laughter) So he jumps in and kills the animals. 
So one night, I was walking around the cowshed with a torch, and that day, the lions didn't come. 
And I discovered that lions are afraid of a moving light. 
So I had an idea. 
Since I was a small boy, I used to work in my room for the whole day, and I even took apart my mom's new radio, and that day she almost killed me, but I learned a lot about electronics. (Laughter) So I got an old car battery, an indicator box. It's a small device found in a motorcycle, and it helps motorists when they want to turn right or left. It blinks. 
And I got a switch where I can switch on the lights, on and off. 
And that's a small torch from a broken flashlight. 
So I set up everything. 
As you can see, the solar panel charges the battery, and the battery supplies the power to the small indicator box. I call it a transformer. 
And the indicator box makes the lights flash. 
As you can see, the bulbs face outside, because that's where the lions come from. 
And that's how it looks to lions when they come at night. 
The lights flash and trick the lions into thinking I was walking around the cowshed, but I was sleeping in my bed. 
(Laughter) (Applause) Thanks. 
So I set it up in my home two years ago, and since then, we have never experienced any problem with lions. 
And my neighboring homes heard about this idea. 
One of them was this grandmother. 
She had a lot of her animals being killed by lions, and she asked me if I could put the lights for her. 
And I said, "Yes." 
So I put the lights. You can see at the back, those are the lion lights. 
Since now, I've set up seven homes around my community, and they're really working. 
And my idea is also being used now all over Kenya for scaring other predators like hyenas, leopards, and it's also being used to scare elephants away from people's farms. 
Because of this invention, I was lucky to get a scholarship in one of the best schools in Kenya, Brookhouse International School, and I'm really excited about this. 
My new school now is coming in and helping by fundraising and creating an awareness. 
I even took my friends back to my community, and we're installing the lights to the homes which don't have [any], and I'm teaching them how to put them. 
So one year ago, I was just a boy in the savanna grassland herding my father's cows, and I used to see planes flying over, and I told myself that one day, I'll be there inside. 
And here I am today. 
I got a chance to come by plane for my first time for TED. 
So my big dream is to become an aircraft engineer and pilot when I grow up. 
I used to hate lions, but now because my invention is saving my father's cows and the lions, we are able to stay with the lions without any conflict. 
Ash oln. It means in my language, thank you very much. 
(Applause) Chris Anderson: You have no idea how exciting it is to hear a story like yours. 
So you got this scholarship.Richard Turere: Yep. 
CA: You're working on other electrical inventions. 
What's the next one on your list? 
RT: My next invention is, I want to make an electric fence.CA: Electric fence? 
RT: But I know electric fences are already invented, but I want to make mine. 
(Laughter) CA: You already tried it once, right, and you --RT: I tried it before, but I stopped because it gave me a shock. (Laughter) CA: In the trenches. Richard Turere, you are something else. 
We're going to cheer you on every step of the way, my friend. 
Thank you so much.RT: Thank you. (Applause) 

What you're doing, right now, at this very moment, is killing you. 
More than cars or the Internet or even that little mobile device we keep talking about, the technology you're using the most almost every day is this, your tush. 
Nowadays people are sitting 9.3 hours a day, which is more than we're sleeping, at 7.7 hours. 
Sitting is so incredibly prevalent, we don't even question how much we're doing it, and because everyone else is doing it, it doesn't even occur to us that it's not okay. 
In that way, sitting has become the smoking of our generation. 
Of course there's health consequences to this, scary ones, besides the waist. 
Things like breast cancer and colon cancer are directly tied to our lack of physical [activity], Ten percent in fact, on both of those. 
Six percent for heart disease, seven percent for type 2 diabetes, which is what my father died of. 
Now, any of those stats should convince each of us to get off our duff more, but if you're anything like me, it won't. 
What did get me moving was a social interaction. 
Someone invited me to a meeting, but couldn't manage to fit me in to a regular sort of conference room meeting, and said, "I have to walk my dogs tomorrow. Could you come then?" 
It seemed kind of odd to do, and actually, that first meeting, I remember thinking, "I have to be the one to ask the next question," because I knew I was going to huff and puff during this conversation. 
And yet, I've taken that idea and made it my own. 
So instead of going to coffee meetings or fluorescent-lit conference room meetings, I ask people to go on a walking meeting, to the tune of 20 to 30 miles a week. 
It's changed my life. 
But before that, what actually happened was, I used to think about it as, you could take care of your health, or you could take care of obligations, and one always came at the cost of the other. 
So now, several hundred of these walking meetings later, I've learned a few things. 
First, there's this amazing thing about actually getting out of the box that leads to out-of-the-box thinking. 
Whether it's nature or the exercise itself, it certainly works. 
And second, and probably the more reflective one, is just about how much each of us can hold problems in opposition when they're really not that way. 
And if we're going to solve problems and look at the world really differently, whether it's in governance or business or environmental issues, job creation, maybe we can think about how to reframe those problems as having both things be true. 
Because it was when that happened with this walk-and-talk idea that things became doable and sustainable and viable. 
So I started this talk talking about the tush, so I'll end with the bottom line, which is, walk and talk. 
Walk the talk. 
You'll be surprised at how fresh air drives fresh thinking, and in the way that you do, you'll bring into your life an entirely new set of ideas. 
Thank you. 
(Applause) 

All right, so let's take four subjects that obviously go together: big data, tattoos, immortality and the Greeks. 
Right? 
Now, the issue about tattoos is that, without a word, tattoos really do shout. 
[Beautiful] [Intriguing] So you don't have to say a lot. 
[Allegiance] [Very intimate] [Serious mistakes] (Laughter) And tattoos tell you a lot of stories. 
If I can ask an indiscreet question, how many of you have tattoos? 
A few, but not most. 
What happens if Facebook, Google, Twitter, LinkedIn, cell phones, GPS, Foursquare, Yelp, Travel Advisor, all these things you deal with every day turn out to be electronic tattoos? 
And what if they provide as much information about who and what you are as any tattoo ever would? 
What's ended up happening over the past few decades is the kind of coverage that you had as a head of state or as a great celebrity is now being applied to you every day by all these people who are Tweeting, blogging, following you, watching your credit scores and what you do to yourself. 
And electronic tattoos also shout. 
And as you're thinking of the consequences of that, it's getting really hard to hide from this stuff, among other things, because it's not just the electronic tattoos, it's facial recognition that's getting really good. 
So you can take a picture with an iPhone and get all the names, although, again, sometimes it does make mistakes. (Laughter) But that means you can take a typical bar scene like this, take a picture, say, of this guy right here, get the name, and download all the records before you utter a word or speak to somebody, because everybody turns out to be absolutely plastered by electronic tattoos. 
And so there's companies like face.com that now have about 18 billion faces online. 
Here's what happened to this company. 
[Company sold to Facebook, June 18, 2012...] There are other companies that will place a camera like this  this has nothing to do with Facebook  they take your picture, they tie it to the social media, they figure out you really like to wear black dresses, so maybe the person in the store comes up and says, "Hey, we've got five black dresses that would just look great on you." 
So what if Andy was wrong? 
Here's Andy's theory. 
[In the future, everybody will be world famous for 15 minutes.] What if we flip this? 
What if you're only going to be anonymous for 15 minutes? (Laughter) Well, then, because of electronic tattoos, maybe all of you and all of us are very close to immortality, because these tattoos will live far longer than our bodies will. 
And if that's true, then what we want to do is we want to go through four lessons from the Greeks and one lesson from a Latin American. 
Why the Greeks? 
Well, the Greeks thought about what happens when gods and humans and immortality mix for a long time. 
So lesson number one: Sisyphus. 
Remember? He did a horrible thing, condemned for all time to roll this rock up, it would roll back down, roll back up, roll back down. 
It's a little like your reputation. 
Once you get that electronic tattoo, you're going to be rolling up and down for a long time, so as you go through this stuff, just be careful what you post. 
Myth number two: Orpheus, wonderful guy, charming to be around, great partier, great singer, loses his beloved, charms his way into the underworld, only person to charm his way into the underworld, charms the gods of the underworld, they release his beauty on the condition he never look at her until they're out. 
So he's walking out and walking out and walking out and he just can't resist. He looks at her, loses her forever. 
With all this data out here, it might be a good idea not to look too far into the past of those you love. 
Lesson number three: Atalanta. 
Greatest runner. She would challenge anybody. 
If you won, she would marry you. 
If you lost, you died. 
How did Hippomenes beat her? 
Well, he had all these wonderful little golden apples, and she'd run ahead, and he'd roll a little golden apple. 
She'd run ahead, and he'd roll a little golden apple. 
She kept getting distracted. He eventually won the race. 
Just remember the purpose as all these little golden apples come and reach you and you want to post about them or tweet about them or send a late-night message. 
And then, of course, there's Narcissus. 
Nobody here would ever be accused or be familiar with Narcissus. 
(Laughter) But as you're thinking about Narcissus, just don't fall in love with your own reflection. 
Last lesson, from a Latin American: This is the great poet Jorge Luis Borges. 
When he was threatened by the thugs of the Argentine military junta, he came back and said, "Oh, come on, how else can you threaten, other than with death?" 
The interesting thing, the original thing, would be to threaten somebody with immortality. 
And that, of course, is what we are all now threatened with today because of electronic tattoos. 
Thank you. 
(Applause) 

I teach chemistry. 
(Explosion) All right, all right. 
So more than just explosions, chemistry is everywhere. 
Have you ever found yourself at a restaurant spacing out just doing this over and over? 
Some people nodding yes. 
Recently, I showed this to my students, and I just asked them to try and explain why it happened. 
The questions and conversations that followed were fascinating. 
Check out this video that Maddie from my period three class sent me that evening. 
(Clang) (Laughs) Now obviously, as Maddie's chemistry teacher, I love that she went home and continued to geek out about this kind of ridiculous demonstration that we did in class. 
But what fascinated me more is that Maddie's curiosity took her to a new level. 
If you look inside that beaker, you might see a candle. 
Maddie's using temperature to extend this phenomenon to a new scenario. 
You know, questions and curiosity like Maddie's are magnets that draw us towards our teachers, and they transcend all technology or buzzwords in education. 
But if we place these technologies before student inquiry, we can be robbing ourselves of our greatest tool as teachers: our students' questions. 
For example, flipping a boring lecture from the classroom to the screen of a mobile device might save instructional time, but if it is the focus of our students' experience, it's the same dehumanizing chatter just wrapped up in fancy clothing. 
But if instead we have the guts to confuse our students, perplex them, and evoke real questions, through those questions, we as teachers have information that we can use to tailor robust and informed methods of blended instruction. 
So, 21st-century lingo jargon mumbo jumbo aside, the truth is, I've been teaching for 13 years now, and it took a life-threatening situation to snap me out of 10 years of pseudo-teaching and help me realize that student questions are the seeds of real learning, not some scripted curriculum that gave them tidbits of random information. 
In May of 2010, at 35 years old, with a two-year-old at home and my second child on the way, I was diagnosed with a large aneurysm at the base of my thoracic aorta. 
This led to open-heart surgery. This is the actual real email from my doctor right there. 
Now, when I got this, I was -- press Caps Lock -- absolutely freaked out, okay? 
But I found surprising moments of comfort in the confidence that my surgeon embodied. 
Where did this guy get this confidence, the audacity of it? 
So when I asked him, he told me three things. 
He said first, his curiosity drove him to ask hard questions about the procedure, about what worked and what didn't work. 
Second, he embraced, and didn't fear, the messy process of trial and error, the inevitable process of trial and error. 
And third, through intense reflection, he gathered the information that he needed to design and revise the procedure, and then, with a steady hand, he saved my life. 
Now I absorbed a lot from these words of wisdom, and before I went back into the classroom that fall, I wrote down three rules of my own that I bring to my lesson planning still today. 
Rule number one: Curiosity comes first. 
Questions can be windows to great instruction, but not the other way around. 
Rule number two: Embrace the mess. 
We're all teachers. We know learning is ugly. 
And just because the scientific method is allocated to page five of section 1.2 of chapter one of the one that we all skip, okay, trial and error can still be an informal part of what we do every single day at Sacred Heart Cathedral in room 206. 
And rule number three: Practice reflection. 
What we do is important. It deserves our care, but it also deserves our revision. 
Can we be the surgeons of our classrooms? 
As if what we are doing one day will save lives. 
Our students our worth it. 
And each case is different. 
(Explosion) All right. Sorry. 
The chemistry teacher in me just needed to get that out of my system before we move on. 
So these are my daughters. 
On the right we have little Emmalou -- Southern family. 
And, on the left, Riley. 
Now Riley's going to be a big girl in a couple weeks here. 
She's going to be four years old, and anyone who knows a four-year-old knows that they love to ask, "Why?" 
Yeah. Why. 
I could teach this kid anything because she is curious about everything. 
We all were at that age. 
But the challenge is really for Riley's future teachers, the ones she has yet to meet. 
How will they grow this curiosity? 
You see, I would argue that Riley is a metaphor for all kids, and I think dropping out of school comes in many different forms -- to the senior who's checked out before the year's even begun or that empty desk in the back of an urban middle school's classroom. 
But if we as educators leave behind this simple role as disseminators of content and embrace a new paradigm as cultivators of curiosity and inquiry, we just might bring a little bit more meaning to their school day, and spark their imagination. 
Thank you very much. 
(Applause) 

When I was 27 years old, I left a very demanding job in management consulting for a job that was even more demanding: teaching. 
I went to teach seventh graders math in the New York City public schools. 
And like any teacher, I made quizzes and tests. 
I gave out homework assignments. 
When the work came back, I calculated grades. 
What struck me was that IQ was not the only difference between my best and my worst students. 
Some of my strongest performers did not have stratospheric IQ scores. 
Some of my smartest kids weren't doing so well. 
And that got me thinking. 
The kinds of things you need to learn in seventh grade math, sure, they're hard: ratios, decimals, the area of a parallelogram. 
But these concepts are not impossible, and I was firmly convinced that every one of my students could learn the material if they worked hard and long enough. 
After several more years of teaching, I came to the conclusion that what we need in education is a much better understanding of students and learning from a motivational perspective, from a psychological perspective. 
In education, the one thing we know how to measure best is IQ. 
But what if doing well in school and in life depends on much more than your ability to learn quickly and easily? 
So I left the classroom, and I went to graduate school to become a psychologist. 
I started studying kids and adults in all kinds of super challenging settings, and in every study my question was, who is successful here and why? 
My research team and I went to West Point Military Academy. 
We tried to predict which cadets would stay in military training and which would drop out. 
We went to the National Spelling Bee and tried to predict which children would advance farthest in competition. 
We studied rookie teachers working in really tough neighborhoods, asking which teachers are still going to be here in teaching by the end of the school year, and of those, who will be the most effective at improving learning outcomes for their students? 
We partnered with private companies, asking, which of these salespeople is going to keep their jobs? 
And who's going to earn the most money? 
In all those very different contexts, one characteristic emerged as a significant predictor of success. 
And it wasn't social intelligence. 
It wasn't good looks, physical health, and it wasn't IQ. 
It was grit. 
Grit is passion and perseverance for very long-term goals. 
Grit is having stamina. 
Grit is sticking with your future, day in, day out, not just for the week, not just for the month, but for years, and working really hard to make that future a reality. 
Grit is living life like it's a marathon, not a sprint. 
A few years ago, I started studying grit in the Chicago public schools. 
I asked thousands of high school juniors to take grit questionnaires, and then waited around more than a year to see who would graduate. 
Turns out that grittier kids were significantly more likely to graduate, even when I matched them on every characteristic I could measure, things like family income, standardized achievement test scores, even how safe kids felt when they were at school. 
So it's not just at West Point or the National Spelling Bee that grit matters. 
It's also in school, especially for kids at risk for dropping out. 
To me, the most shocking thing about grit is how little we know, how little science knows, about building it. 
Every day, parents and teachers ask me, "How do I build grit in kids? 
What do I do to teach kids a solid work ethic? 
How do I keep them motivated for the long run?" 
The honest answer is, I don't know. 
(Laughter) What I do know is that talent doesn't make you gritty. 
Our data show very clearly that there are many talented individuals who simply do not follow through on their commitments. 
In fact, in our data, grit is usually unrelated or even inversely related to measures of talent. 
So far, the best idea I've heard about building grit in kids is something called "growth mindset." 
This is an idea developed at Stanford University by Carol Dweck, and it is the belief that the ability to learn is not fixed, that it can change with your effort. 
Dr. Dweck has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and how it changes and grows in response to challenge, they're much more likely to persevere when they fail, because they don't believe that failure is a permanent condition. 
So growth mindset is a great idea for building grit. 
But we need more. 
And that's where I'm going to end my remarks, because that's where we are. 
That's the work that stands before us. 
We need to take our best ideas, our strongest intuitions, and we need to test them. 
We need to measure whether we've been successful, and we have to be willing to fail, to be wrong, to start over again with lessons learned. 
In other words, we need to be gritty about getting our kids grittier. 
Thank you. 
(Applause) 

Everything is interconnected. 
As a Shinnecock Indian, I was raised to know this. 
We are a small fishing tribe situated on the southeastern tip of Long Island near the town of Southampton in New York. 
When I was a little girl, my grandfather took me to sit outside in the sun on a hot summer day. 
There were no clouds in the sky. 
And after a while I began to perspire. 
And he pointed up to the sky, and he said, "Look, do you see that? 
That's part of you up there. 
That's your water that helps to make the cloud that becomes the rain that feeds the plants that feeds the animals." 
In my continued exploration of subjects in nature that have the ability to illustrate the interconnection of all life, I started storm chasing in 2008 after my daughter said, "Mom, you should do that." 
And so three days later, driving very fast, I found myself stalking a single type of giant cloud called the super cell, capable of producing grapefruit-size hail and spectacular tornadoes, although only two percent actually do. 
These clouds can grow so big, up to 50 miles wide and reach up to 65,000 feet into the atmosphere. 
They can grow so big, blocking all daylight, making it very dark and ominous standing under them. 
Storm chasing is a very tactile experience. 
There's a warm, moist wind blowing at your back and the smell of the earth, the wheat, the grass, the charged particles. 
And then there are the colors in the clouds of hail forming, the greens and the turquoise blues. 
I've learned to respect the lightning. 
My hair used to be straight. 
(Laughter) I'm just kidding. 
(Laughter) What really excites me about these storms is their movement, the way they swirl and spin and undulate, with their lava lamp-like mammatus clouds. 
They become lovely monsters. 
When I'm photographing them, I cannot help but remember my grandfather's lesson. 
As I stand under them, I see not just a cloud, but understand that what I have the privilege to witness is the same forces, the same process in a small-scale version that helped to create our galaxy, our solar system, our sun and even this very planet. 
All my relations. Thank you. 
(Applause) 

Throughout the history of computers we've been striving to shorten the gap between us and digital information, the gap between our physical world and the world in the screen where our imagination can go wild. 
And this gap has become shorter, shorter, and even shorter, and now this gap is shortened down to less than a millimeter, the thickness of a touch-screen glass, and the power of computing has become accessible to everyone. 
But I wondered, what if there could be no boundary at all? 
I started to imagine what this would look like. 
First, I created this tool which penetrates into the digital space, so when you press it hard on the screen, it transfers its physical body into pixels. 
Designers can materialize their ideas directly in 3D, and surgeons can practice on virtual organs underneath the screen. 
So with this tool, this boundary has been broken. 
But our two hands still remain outside the screen. 
How can you reach inside and interact with the digital information using the full dexterity of our hands? 
At Microsoft Applied Sciences, along with my mentor Cati Boulanger, I redesigned the computer and turned a little space above the keyboard into a digital workspace. 
By combining a transparent display and depth cameras for sensing your fingers and face, now you can lift up your hands from the keyboard and reach inside this 3D space and grab pixels with your bare hands. 
(Applause) Because windows and files have a position in the real space, selecting them is as easy as grabbing a book off your shelf. 
Then you can flip through this book while highlighting the lines, words on the virtual touch pad below each floating window. 
Architects can stretch or rotate the models with their two hands directly. 
So in these examples, we are reaching into the digital world. 
But how about reversing its role and having the digital information reach us instead? 
I'm sure many of us have had the experience of buying and returning items online. 
But now you don't have to worry about it. 
What I got here is an online augmented fitting room. 
This is a view that you get from head-mounted or see-through display when the system understands the geometry of your body. 
Taking this idea further, I started to think, instead of just seeing these pixels in our space, how can we make it physical so that we can touch and feel it? 
What would such a future look like? 
At MIT Media Lab, along with my advisor Hiroshi Ishii and my collaborator Rehmi Post, we created this one physical pixel. 
Well, in this case, this spherical magnet acts like a 3D pixel in our space, which means that both computers and people can move this object to anywhere within this little 3D space. 
What we did was essentially canceling gravity and controlling the movement by combining magnetic levitation and mechanical actuation and sensing technologies. 
And by digitally programming the object, we are liberating the object from constraints of time and space, which means that now, human motions can be recorded and played back and left permanently in the physical world. 
So choreography can be taught physically over distance and Michael Jordan's famous shooting can be replicated over and over as a physical reality. 
Students can use this as a tool to learn about the complex concepts such as planetary motion, physics, and unlike computer screens or textbooks, this is a real, tangible experience that you can touch and feel, and it's very powerful. 
And what's more exciting than just turning what's currently in the computer physical is to start imagining how programming the world will alter even our daily physical activities. 
(Laughter) As you can see, the digital information will not just show us something but it will start directly acting upon us as a part of our physical surroundings without disconnecting ourselves from our world. 
Today, we started by talking about the boundary, but if we remove this boundary, the only boundary left is our imagination. 
Thank you. 
(Applause) 

Have you ever experienced a moment in your life that was so painful and confusing, that all you wanted to do was learn as much as you could to make sense of it all? 
When I was 13, a close family friend who was like an uncle to me passed away from pancreatic cancer. 
When the disease hit so close to home, I knew I needed to learn more. 
So I went online to find answers. 
Using the Internet, I found a variety of statistics on pancreatic cancer, and what I had found shocked me. 
Over 85 percent of all pancreatic cancers are diagnosed late, when someone has less than a two percent chance of survival. 
Why are we so bad at detecting pancreatic cancer? 
The reason? 
Today's current "modern" medicine is a 60-year-old technique. 
That's older than my dad. 
(Laughter) But also, it's extremely expensive, costing 800 dollars per test, and it's grossly inaccurate, missing 30 percent of all pancreatic cancers. 
Your doctor would have to be ridiculously suspicious that you have the cancer in order to give you this test. 
Learning this, I knew there had to be a better way. 
So, I set up scientific criteria as to what a sensor would have to look like in order to effectively diagnose pancreatic cancer. 
The sensor would have to be: inexpensive, rapid, simple, sensitive, selective, and minimally invasive. 
Now, there's a reason why this test hasn't been updated in over six decades. 
And that's because when we're looking for pancreatic cancer, we're looking at your bloodstream, which is already abundant in all these tons and tons of protein, and you're looking for this miniscule difference in this tiny amount of protein. 
Just this one protein. 
That's next to impossible. 
However, undeterred due to my teenage optimism -- (Laughter) (Applause) I went online to a teenager's two best friends, Google and Wikipedia. 
I got everything for my homework from those two sources. 
(Laughter) And what I had found was an article that listed a database of over 8,000 different proteins that are found when you have pancreatic cancer. 
So, I decided to go and make it my new mission to go through all these proteins, and see which ones could serve as a bio-marker for pancreatic cancer. 
And to make it a bit simpler for myself, I decided to map out scientific criteria, and here it is. 
Essentially, first, the protein would have to be found in all pancreatic cancers, at high levels in the bloodstream, in the earliest stages, but also only in cancer. 
And so I'm just plugging and chugging through this gargantuan task, and finally, on the 4,000th try, when I'm close to losing my sanity, I find the protein. 
And the name of the protein I'd located was called mesothelin, and it's just your ordinary, run-of-the-mill type protein, unless, of course, you have pancreatic, ovarian or lung cancer, in which case it's found at these very high levels in your bloodstream. 
But also, the key is that it's found in the earliest stages of the disease, when someone has close to 100 percent chance of survival. 
So now that I'd found a reliable protein I could detect, I then shifted my focus to actually detecting that protein, and thus, pancreatic cancer. 
Now, my breakthrough came in a very unlikely place, possibly the most unlikely place for innovation -- my high school biology class, the absolute stifler of innovation. 
(Laughter) (Applause) And I had snuck in this article on these things called carbon nanotubes, and that's just a long, thin pipe of carbon that's an atom thick, and one 50,000th the diameter of your hair. 
And despite their extremely small sizes, they have these incredible properties. 
They're kind of like the superheroes of material science. 
And while I was sneakily reading this article under my desk in my biology class, we were supposed to be paying attention to these other kind of cool molecules, called antibodies. 
And these are pretty cool because they only react with one specific protein, but they're not nearly as interesting as carbon nanotubes. 
And so then, I was sitting in class, and suddenly it hit me: I could combine what I was reading about, carbon nanotubes, with what I was supposed to be thinking about, antibodies. 
Essentially, I could weave a bunch of these antibodies into a network of carbon nanotubes, such that you have a network that only reacts with one protein, but also, due to the properties of these nanotubes, it will change its electrical properties, based on the amount of protein present. 
However, there's a catch. 
These networks of carbon nanotubes are extremely flimsy. 
And since they're so delicate, they need to be supported. 
So that's why I chose to use paper. 
Making a cancer sensor out of paper is about as simple as making chocolate chip cookies, which I love. 
(Laughs) You start with some water, pour in some nanotubes, add antibodies, mix it up, take some paper, dip it, dry it, and you can detect cancer. 
(Applause) Then, suddenly, a thought occurred that kind of put a blemish on my amazing plan here. 
I can't really do cancer research on my kitchen countertop. 
My mom wouldn't really like that. 
So instead, I decided to go for a lab. 
So I typed up a budget, a materials list, a timeline, and a procedure, and I emailed it to 200 different professors at Johns Hopkins University and the National Institutes of Health -- essentially, anyone that had anything to do with pancreatic cancer. 
I sat back waiting for these positive emails to be pouring in, saying, "You're a genius! You're going to save us all!" 
And -- (Laughter) Then reality took hold, and over the course of a month, I got 199 rejections out of those 200 emails. 
One professor even went through my entire procedure, painstakingly -- I'm not really sure where he got all this time -- and he went through and said why each and every step was like the worst mistake I could ever make. 
Clearly, the professors did not have as high of an opinion of my work as I did. 
However, there is a silver lining. 
One professor said, "Maybe I might be able to help you, kid." 
So, I went in that direction. 
(Laughter) As you can never say no to a kid. 
And so then, three months later, I finally nailed down a harsh deadline with this guy, and I get into his lab, I get all excited, and then I sit down, I start opening my mouth and talking, and five seconds later, he calls in another Ph.D. 
Ph.D.s just flock into this little room, and they're just firing these questions at me, and by the end, I kind of felt like I was in a clown car. 
There were 20 Ph.D.s, plus me and the professor crammed into this tiny office space, with them firing these rapid-fire questions at me, trying to sink my procedure. 
How unlikely is that? I mean, pshhh. 
(Laughter) However, subjecting myself to that interrogation -- I answered all their questions, and I guessed on quite a few but I got them right -- and I finally landed the lab space I needed. 
But it was shortly afterwards that I discovered my once brilliant procedure had something like a million holes in it, and over the course of seven months, I painstakingly filled each and every one of those holes. 
The result? 
One small paper sensor that costs three cents and takes five minutes to run. 
This makes it 168 times faster, over 26,000 times less expensive, and over 400 times more sensitive than our current standard for pancreatic cancer detection. 
(Applause) One of the best parts of the sensor, though, is that it has close to 100 percent accuracy, and can detect the cancer in the earliest stages, when someone has close to 100 percent chance of survival. 
And so in the next two to five years, this sensor could potentially lift the pancreatic cancer survival rates from a dismal 5.5 percent to close to 100 percent, and it would do similar for ovarian and lung cancer. 
But it wouldn't stop there. 
By switching out that antibody, you can look at a different protein, thus, a different disease -- potentially any disease in the entire world. 
So that ranges from heart disease, to malaria, HIV, AIDS, as well as other forms of cancer -- anything. 
And so, hopefully one day, we can all have that one extra uncle, that one mother, that one brother, sister, we can have that one more family member to love. 
And that our hearts will be rid of that one disease burden that comes from pancreatic, ovarian and lung cancer, and potentially any disease. 
But through the Internet, anything is possible. 
Theories can be shared, and you don't have to be a professor with multiple degrees to have your ideas valued. 
It's a neutral space, where what you look like, age or gender -- it doesn't matter. 
It's just your ideas that count. 
For me, it's all about looking at the Internet in an entirely new way, to realize that there's so much more to it than just posting duck-face pictures of yourself online. 
(Laughter) You could be changing the world. 
So if a 15 year-old who didn't even know what a pancreas was could find a new way to detect pancreatic cancer -- just imagine what you could do. 
Thank you. 
(Applause) 

Motor racing is a funny old business. 
We make a new car every year, and then we spend the rest of the season trying to understand what it is we've built to make it better, to make it faster. 
And then the next year, we start again. 
Now, the car you see in front of you is quite complicated. 
The chassis is made up of about 11,000 components, the engine another 6,000, the electronics about eight and a half thousand. 
So there's about 25,000 things there that can go wrong. 
So motor racing is very much about attention to detail. 
The other thing about Formula 1 in particular is we're always changing the car. 
We're always trying to make it faster. 
So every two weeks, we will be making about 5,000 new components to fit to the car. 
Five to 10 percent of the race car will be different every two weeks of the year. 
So how do we do that? 
Well, we start our life with the racing car. 
We have a lot of sensors on the car to measure things. 
On the race car in front of you here there are about 120 sensors when it goes into a race. 
It's measuring all sorts of things around the car. 
That data is logged. We're logging about 500 different parameters within the data systems, about 13,000 health parameters and events to say when things are not working the way they should do, and we're sending that data back to the garage using telemetry at a rate of two to four megabits per second. 
So during a two-hour race, each car will be sending 750 million numbers. 
That's twice as many numbers as words that each of us speaks in a lifetime. 
It's a huge amount of data. 
But it's not enough just to have data and measure it. 
You need to be able to do something with it. 
So we've spent a lot of time and effort in turning the data into stories to be able to tell, what's the state of the engine, how are the tires degrading, what's the situation with fuel consumption? 
So all of this is taking data and turning it into knowledge that we can act upon. 
Okay, so let's have a look at a little bit of data. 
Let's pick a bit of data from another three-month-old patient. 
This is a child, and what you're seeing here is real data, and on the far right-hand side, where everything starts getting a little bit catastrophic, that is the patient going into cardiac arrest. 
It was deemed to be an unpredictable event. 
This was a heart attack that no one could see coming. 
But when we look at the information there, we can see that things are starting to become a little fuzzy about five minutes or so before the cardiac arrest. 
We can see small changes in things like the heart rate moving. 
These were all undetected by normal thresholds which would be applied to data. 
So the question is, why couldn't we see it? 
Was this a predictable event? 
Can we look more at the patterns in the data to be able to do things better? 
So this is a child, about the same age as the racing car on stage, three months old. 
It's a patient with a heart problem. 
Now, when you look at some of the data on the screen above, things like heart rate, pulse, oxygen, respiration rates, they're all unusual for a normal child, but they're quite normal for the child there, and so one of the challenges you have in health care is, how can I look at the patient in front of me, have something which is specific for her, and be able to detect when things start to change, when things start to deteriorate? 
Because like a racing car, any patient, when things start to go bad, you have a short time to make a difference. 
So what we did is we took a data system which we run every two weeks of the year in Formula 1 and we installed it on the hospital computers at Birmingham Children's Hospital. 
We streamed data from the bedside instruments in their pediatric intensive care so that we could both look at the data in real time and, more importantly, to store the data so that we could start to learn from it. 
And then, we applied an application on top which would allow us to tease out the patterns in the data in real time so we could see what was happening, so we could determine when things started to change. 
Now, in motor racing, we're all a little bit ambitious, audacious, a little bit arrogant sometimes, so we decided we would also look at the children as they were being transported to intensive care. 
Why should we wait until they arrived in the hospital before we started to look? 
And so we installed a real-time link between the ambulance and the hospital, just using normal 3G telephony to send that data so that the ambulance became an extra bed in intensive care. 
And then we started looking at the data. 
So the wiggly lines at the top, all the colors, this is the normal sort of data you would see on a monitor -- heart rate, pulse, oxygen within the blood, and respiration. 
The lines on the bottom, the blue and the red, these are the interesting ones. 
The red line is showing an automated version of the early warning score that Birmingham Children's Hospital were already running. 
They'd been running that since 2008, and already have stopped cardiac arrests and distress within the hospital. 
The blue line is an indication of when patterns start to change, and immediately, before we even started putting in clinical interpretation, we can see that the data is speaking to us. 
It's telling us that something is going wrong. 
The plot with the red and the green blobs, this is plotting different components of the data against each other. 
The green is us learning what is normal for that child. 
We call it the cloud of normality. 
And when things start to change, when conditions start to deteriorate, we move into the red line. 
There's no rocket science here. 
It is displaying data that exists already in a different way, to amplify it, to provide cues to the doctors, to the nurses, so they can see what's happening. 
In the same way that a good racing driver relies on cues to decide when to apply the brakes, when to turn into a corner, we need to help our physicians and our nurses to see when things are starting to go wrong. 
So we have a very ambitious program. 
We think that the race is on to do something differently. 
We are thinking big. It's the right thing to do. 
We have an approach which, if it's successful, there's no reason why it should stay within a hospital. 
It can go beyond the walls. 
With wireless connectivity these days, there is no reason why patients, doctors and nurses always have to be in the same place at the same time. 
And meanwhile, we'll take our little three-month-old baby, keep taking it to the track, keeping it safe, and making it faster and better. 
Thank you very much. 
(Applause) 

So over the long course of human history, the infectious disease that's killed more humans than any other is malaria. 
It's carried in the bites of infected mosquitos, and it's probably our oldest scourge. 
We may have had malaria since we evolved from the apes. 
And to this day, malaria takes a huge toll on our species. 
We've got 300 million cases a year and over half a million deaths. 
Now this really makes no sense. 
We've known how to cure malaria since the 1600s. 
That's when Jesuit missionaries in Peru discovered the bark of the cinchona tree, and inside that bark was quinine, still an effective cure for malaria to this day. 
So we've known how to cure malaria for centuries. 
We've known how to prevent malaria since 1897. 
That's when the British army surgeon Ronald Ross discovered that it was mosquitos that carried malaria, not bad air or miasmas, as was previously thought. 
So malaria should be a relatively simple disease to solve, and yet to this day, hundreds of thousands of people are going to die from the bite of a mosquito. 
Why is that? 
This is a question that's personally intrigued me for a long time. 
I grew up as the daughter of Indian immigrants visiting my cousins in India every summer, and because I had no immunity to the local malarias, I was made to sleep under this hot, sweaty mosquito net every night while my cousins, they were allowed to sleep out on the terrace and have this nice, cool night breeze wafting over them. 
And I really hated the mosquitos for that. 
But at the same time, I come from a Jain family, and Jainism is a religion that espouses a very extreme form of nonviolence. 
So Jains are not supposed to eat meat. 
We're not supposed to walk on grass, because you could, you know, inadvertently kill some insects when you walk on grass. 
We're certainly not supposed to swat mosquitos. 
So the fearsome power of this little insect was apparent to me from a very young age, and it's one reason why I spent five years as a journalist trying to understand, why has malaria been such a horrible scourge for all of us for so very long? 
And I think there's three main reasons why. 
Those three reasons add up to the fourth reason, which is probably the biggest reason of all. 
The first reason is certainly scientific. 
This little parasite that causes malaria, it's probably one of the most complex and wily pathogens known to humankind. 
It lives half its life inside the cold-blooded mosquito and half its life inside the warm-blooded human. 
These two environments are totally different, but not only that, they're both utterly hostile. 
So the insect is continually trying to fight off the parasite, and so is the human body continually trying to fight it off. 
This little creature survives under siege like that, but not only does it survive, it has thrived. 
It has spread. It has more ways to evade attack than we know. 
It's a shape-shifter, for one thing. 
Just as a caterpillar turns into a butterfly, the malaria parasite transforms itself like that seven times in its life cycle. 
And each of those life stages not only looks totally different from each other, they have totally different physiology. 
So say you came up with some great drug that worked against one stage of the parasite's life cycle. 
It might do nothing at all to any of the other stages. 
It can hide in our bodies, undetected, unbeknownst to us, for days, for weeks, for months, for years, in some cases even decades. 
So the parasite is a very big scientific challenge to tackle, but so is the mosquito that carries the parasite. 
Only about 12 species of mosquitos carry most of the world's malaria, and we know quite a bit about the kinds of watery habitats that they specialize in. 
So you might think, then, well, why don't we just avoid the places where the killer mosquitos live? Right? 
We could avoid the places where the killer grizzly bears live and we avoid the places where the killer crocodiles live. 
But say you live in the tropics and you walk outside your hut one day and you leave some footprints in the soft dirt around your home. 
Or say your cow does, or say your pig does, and then, say, it rains, and that footprint fills up with a little bit of water. 
That's it. You've created the perfect malarial mosquito habitat that's right outside your door. 
So it's not easy for us to extricate ourselves from these insects. 
We kind of create places that they love to live just by living our own lives. 
So there's a huge scientific challenge, but there's a huge economic challenge too. 
Malaria occurs in some of the poorest and most remote places on Earth, and there's a reason for that. 
If you're poor, you're more likely to get malaria. 
If you're poor, you're more likely to live in rudimentary housing on marginal land that's poorly drained. 
These are places where mosquitos breed. 
You're less likely to have door screens or window screens. 
You're less likely to have electricity and all the indoor activities that electricity makes possible, so you're outside more. 
You're getting bitten by mosquitos more. 
So poverty causes malaria, but what we also know now is that malaria itself causes poverty. 
For one thing, it strikes hardest during harvest season, so exactly when farmers need to be out in the fields collecting their crops, they're home sick with a fever. 
But it also predisposes people to death from all other causes. 
So this has happened historically. 
We've been able to take malaria out of a society. 
Everything else stays the same, so we still have bad food, bad water, bad sanitation, all the things that make people sick. 
But just if you take malaria out, deaths from everything else go down. 
And the economist Jeff Sachs has actually quantified what this means for a society. 
What it means is, if you have malaria in your society, your economic growth is depressed by 1.3 percent every year, year after year after year, just this one disease alone. 
So this poses a huge economic challenge, because say you do come up with your great drug or your great vaccine -- how do you deliver it in a place where there's no roads, there's no infrastructure, there's no electricity for refrigeration to keep things cold, there's no clinics, there's no clinicians to deliver these things where they're needed? 
So there's a huge economic challenge in taming malaria. 
But along with the scientific challenge and the economic challenge, there's also a cultural challenge, and this is probably the part about malaria that people don't like to talk about. 
And it's the paradox that the people who have the most malaria in the world tend to care about it the least. 
This has been the finding of medical anthropologists again and again. 
They ask people in malarious parts of the world, "What do you think about malaria?" 
And they don't say, "It's a killer disease. We're scared of it." 
They say, "Malaria is a normal problem of life." 
And that was certainly my personal experience. 
When I told my relatives in India that I was writing a book about malaria, they kind of looked at me like I told them I was writing a book about warts or something. 
Like, why would you write about something so boring, so ordinary? You know? 
And it's simple risk perception, really. 
A child in Malawi, for example, she might have 12 episodes of malaria before the age of two, but if she survives, she'll continue to get malaria throughout her life, but she's much less likely to die of it. 
And so in her lived experience, malaria is something that comes and goes. 
And that's actually true for most of the world's malaria. 
Most of the world's malaria comes and goes on its own. 
It's just, there's so much malaria that this tiny fraction of cases that end in death add up to this big, huge number. 
So I think people in malarious parts of the world must think of malaria the way those of us who live in the temperate world think of cold and flu. Right? 
Cold and flu have a huge burden on our societies and on our own lives, but we don't really even take the most rudimentary precautions against it because we consider it normal to get cold and flu during cold and flu season. 
And so this poses a huge cultural challenge in taming malaria, because if people think it's normal to have malaria, then how do you get them to run to the doctor to get diagnosed, to pick up their prescription, to get it filled, to take the drugs, to put on the repellents, to tuck in the bed nets? 
This is a huge cultural challenge in taming this disease. 
So take all that together. 
We've got a disease. It's scientifically complicated, it's economically challenging to deal with, and it's one for which the people who stand to benefit the most care about it the least. 
And that adds up to the biggest problem of all, which, of course, is the political problem. 
How do you get a political leader to do anything about a problem like this? 
And the answer is, historically, you don't. 
Most malarious societies throughout history have simply lived with the disease. 
So the main attacks on malaria have come from outside of malarious societies, from people who aren't constrained by these rather paralyzing politics. 
But this, I think, introduces a whole host of other kinds of difficulties. 
The first concerted attack against malaria started in the 1950s. 
It was the brainchild of the U.S. State Department. 
And this effort well understood the economic challenge. 
They knew they had to focus on cheap, easy-to-use tools, and they focused on DDT. 
They understood the cultural challenge. 
In fact, their rather patronizing view was that people at risk of malaria shouldn't be asked to do anything at all. 
Everything should be done to them and for them. 
But they greatly underestimated the scientific challenge. 
They had so much faith in their tools that they stopped doing malaria research. 
And so when those tools started to fail, and public opinion started to turn against those tools, they had no scientific expertise to figure out what to do. 
The whole campaign crashed, malaria resurged back, but now it was even worse than before because it was corralled into the hardest-to-reach places in the most difficult-to-control forms. 
One WHO official at the time actually called that whole campaign "one of the greatest mistakes ever made in public health." 
The latest effort to tame malaria started in the late 1990s. 
It's similarly directed and financed primarily from outside of malarious societies. 
Now this effort well understands the scientific challenge. 
They are doing tons of malaria research. 
And they understand the economic challenge too. 
They're focusing on very cheap, very easy-to-use tools. 
But now, I think, the dilemma is the cultural challenge. 
The centerpiece of the current effort is the bed net. 
It's treated with insecticides. 
This thing has been distributed across the malarious world by the millions. 
And when you think about the bed net, it's sort of a surgical intervention. 
You know, it doesn't really have any value to a family with malaria except that it helps prevent malaria. 
And yet we're asking people to use these nets every night. 
They have to sleep under them every night. 
That's the only way they are effective. 
And they have to do that even if the net blocks the breeze, even if they might have to get up in the middle of the night and relieve themselves, even if they might have to move all their furnishings to put this thing up, even if, you know, they might live in a round hut in which it's difficult to string up a square net. 
Now that's no big deal if you're fighting a killer disease. 
I mean, these are minor inconveniences. 
But that's not how people with malaria think of malaria. 
So for them, the calculus must be quite different. 
Imagine, for example, if a bunch of well-meaning Kenyans came up to those of us in the temperate world and said, "You know, you people have a lot of cold and flu. 
We've designed this great, easy-to-use, cheap tool, we're going to give it to you for free. 
It's called a face mask, and all you need to do is wear it every day during cold and flu season when you go to school and when you go to work." 
Would we do that? 
And I wonder if that's how people in the malarious world thought of those nets when they first received them? 
Indeed, we know from studies that only 20 percent of the bed nets that were first distributed were actually used. 
And even that's probably an overestimate, because the same people who distributed the nets went back and asked the recipients, "Oh, did you use that net I gave you?" 
Which is like your Aunt Jane asking you, "Oh, did you use that vase I gave you for Christmas?" 
So it's probably an overestimate. 
But that's not an insurmountable problem. 
We can do more education, we can try to convince these people to use the nets. 
And that's what happening now. 
We're throwing a lot more time and money into workshops and trainings and musicals and plays and school meetings, all these things to convince people to use the nets we gave you. 
And that might work. 
But it takes time. It takes money. 
It takes resources. It takes infrastructure. 
It takes all the things that that cheap, easy-to-use bed net was not supposed to be. 
So it's difficult to attack malaria from inside malarious societies, but it's equally tricky when we try to attack it from outside of those societies. 
We end up imposing our own priorities on the people of the malarious world. 
That's exactly what we did in the 1950s, and that effort backfired. 
I would argue today, when we are distributing tools that we've designed and that don't necessarily make sense in people's lives, we run the risk of making the same mistake again. 
That's not to say that malaria is unconquerable, because I think it is, but what if we attacked this disease according to the priorities of the people who lived with it? 
Take the example of England and the United States. 
We had malaria in those countries for hundreds of years, and we got rid of it completely, not because we attacked malaria. We didn't. 
We attacked bad roads and bad houses and bad drainage and lack of electricity and rural poverty. 
We attacked the malarious way of life, and by doing that, we slowly built malaria out. 
Now attacking the malarious way of life, this is something -- these are things people care about today. 
And attacking the malarious way of life, it's not fast, it's not cheap, it's not easy, but I think it's the only lasting way forward. 
Thank you so much. 
(Applause) 

I was about 10 years old on a camping trip with my dad in the Adirondack Mountains, a wilderness area in the northern part of New York State. 
It was a beautiful day. 
The forest was sparkling. 
The sun made the leaves glow like stained glass, and if it weren't for the path we were following, we could almost pretend we were the first human beings to ever walk that land. 
We got to our campsite. 
It was a lean-to on a bluff looking over a crystal, beautiful lake, when I discovered a horror. 
Behind the lean-to was a dump, maybe 40 feet square with rotting apple cores and balled-up aluminum foil, and a dead sneaker. 
And I was astonished, I was very angry, and I was deeply confused. 
The campers who were too lazy to take out what they had brought in, who did they think would clean up after them? 
That question stayed with me, and it simplified a little. 
Who cleans up after us? 
However you configure or wherever you place the us, who cleans up after us in Istanbul? 
Who cleans up after us in Rio or in Paris or in London? 
Here in New York, the Department of Sanitation cleans up after us, to the tune of 11,000 tons of garbage and 2,000 tons of recyclables every day. 
I wanted to get to know them as individuals. 
I wanted to understand who takes the job. 
What's it like to wear the uniform and bear that burden? 
So I started a research project with them. 
I rode in the trucks and walked the routes and interviewed people in offices and facilities all over the city, and I learned a lot, but I was still an outsider. 
I needed to go deeper. 
So I took the job as a sanitation worker. 
I didn't just ride in the trucks now. I drove the trucks. 
And I operated the mechanical brooms and I plowed the snow. 
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing education. 
Everyone asks about the smell. 
It's there, but it's not as prevalent as you think, and on days when it is really bad, you get used to it rather quickly. 
The weight takes a long time to get used to. 
I knew people who were several years on the job whose bodies were still adjusting to the burden of bearing on your body tons of trash every week. 
Then there's the danger. 
According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, sanitation work is one of the 10 most dangerous occupations in the country, and I learned why. 
You're in and out of traffic all day, and it's zooming around you. 
It just wants to get past you, so it's often the motorist is not paying attention. 
That's really bad for the worker. 
And then the garbage itself is full of hazards that often fly back out of the truck and do terrible harm. 
I also learned about the relentlessness of trash. 
When you step off the curb and you see a city from behind a truck, you come to understand that trash is like a force of nature unto itself. 
It never stops coming. 
It's also like a form of respiration or circulation. 
It must always be in motion. 
And then there's the stigma. 
You put on the uniform, and you become invisible until someone is upset with you for whatever reason like you've blocked traffic with your truck, or you're taking a break too close to their home, or you're drinking coffee in their diner, and they will come and scorn you, and tell you that they don't want you anywhere near them. 
I find the stigma especially ironic, because I strongly believe that sanitation workers are the most important labor force on the streets of the city, for three reasons. 
They are the first guardians of public health. 
If they're not taking away trash efficiently and effectively every day, it starts to spill out of its containments, and the dangers inherent to it threaten us in very real ways. 
Diseases we've had in check for decades and centuries burst forth again and start to harm us. 
The economy needs them. 
If we can't throw out the old stuff, we have no room for the new stuff, so then the engines of the economy start to sputter when consumption is compromised. 
I'm not advocating capitalism, I'm just pointing out their relationship. 
And then there's what I call our average, necessary quotidian velocity. 
By that I simply mean how fast we're used to moving in the contemporary day and age. 
We usually don't care for, repair, clean, carry around our coffee cup, our shopping bag, our bottle of water. 
We use them, we throw them out, we forget about them, because we know there's a workforce on the other side that's going to take it all away. 
So I want to suggest today a couple of ways to think about sanitation that will perhaps help ameliorate the stigma and bring them into this conversation of how to craft a city that is sustainable and humane. 
Their work, I think, is kind of liturgical. 
They're on the streets every day, rhythmically. 
They wear a uniform in many cities. 
You know when to expect them. 
And their work lets us do our work. 
They are almost a form of reassurance. 
The flow that they maintain keeps us safe from ourselves, from our own dross, our cast-offs, and that flow must be maintained always no matter what. 
On the day after September 11 in 2001, I heard the growl of a sanitation truck on the street, and I grabbed my infant son and I ran downstairs and there was a man doing his paper recycling route like he did every Wednesday. 
And I tried to thank him for doing his work on that day of all days, but I started to cry. 
And he looked at me, and he just nodded, and he said, "We're going to be okay. 
We're going to be okay." 
It was a little while later that I started my research with sanitation, and I met that man again. 
His name is Paulie, and we worked together many times, and we became good friends. 
I want to believe that Paulie was right. 
We are going to be okay. 
But in our effort to reconfigure how we as a species exist on this planet, we must include and take account of all the costs, including the very real human cost of the labor. 
And we also would be well informed to reach out to the people who do that work and get their expertise on how do we think about, how do we create systems around sustainability that perhaps take us from curbside recycling, which is a remarkable success across 40 years, across the United States and countries around the world, and lift us up to a broader horizon where we're looking at other forms of waste that could be lessened from manufacturing and industrial sources. 
Municipal waste, what we think of when we talk about garbage, accounts for three percent of the nation's waste stream. 
It's a remarkable statistic. 
So in the flow of your days, in the flow of your lives, next time you see someone whose job is to clean up after you, take a moment to acknowledge them. 
Take a moment to say thank you. 
(Applause) 

There is something you know about me, something very personal, and there is something I know about every one of you and that's very central to your concerns. 
There is something that we know about everyone we meet anywhere in the world, on the street, that is the very mainspring of whatever they do and whatever they put up with. 
And that is that all of us want to be happy. 
In this, we are all together. 
How we imagine our happiness, that differs from one another, but it's already a lot that we have all in common, that we want to be happy. 
Now my topic is gratefulness. 
What is the connection between happiness and gratefulness? 
Many people would say, well, that's very easy. 
When you are happy, you are grateful. 
But think again. 
Is it really the happy people that are grateful? 
We all know quite a number of people who have everything that it would take to be happy, and they are not happy, because they want something else or they want more of the same. 
And we all know people who have lots of misfortune, misfortune that we ourselves would not want to have, and they are deeply happy. 
They radiate happiness. You are surprised. 
Why? Because they are grateful. 
So it is not happiness that makes us grateful. 
It's gratefulness that makes us happy. 
If you think it's happiness that makes you grateful, think again. 
It's gratefulness that makes you happy. 
Now, we can ask, what do we really mean by gratefulness? 
And how does it work? 
I appeal to your own experience. 
We all know from experience how it goes. 
We experience something that's valuable to us. 
Something is given to us that's valuable to us. 
And it's really given. 
These two things have to come together. 
It has to be something valuable, and it's a real gift. 
You haven't bought it. You haven't earned it. 
You haven't traded it in. You haven't worked for it. 
It's just given to you. 
And when these two things come together, something that's really valuable to me and I realize it's freely given, then gratefulness spontaneously rises in my heart, happiness spontaneously rises in my heart. 
That's how gratefulness happens. 
Now the key to all this is that we cannot only experience this once in a while. 
We cannot only have grateful experiences. 
We can be people who live gratefully. 
Grateful living, that is the thing. 
And how can we live gratefully? 
By experiencing, by becoming aware that every moment is a given moment, as we say. 
It's a gift. You haven't earned it. 
You haven't brought it about in any way. 
You have no way of assuring that there will be another moment given to you, and yet, that's the most valuable thing that can ever be given to us, this moment, with all the opportunity that it contains. 
If we didn't have this present moment, we wouldn't have any opportunity to do anything or experience anything, and this moment is a gift. 
It's a given moment, as we say. 
Now, we say the gift within this gift is really the opportunity. 
What you are really grateful for is the opportunity, not the thing that is given to you, because if that thing were somewhere else and you didn't have the opportunity to enjoy it, to do something with it, you wouldn't be grateful for it. 
Opportunity is the gift within every gift, and we have this saying, opportunity knocks only once. 
Well, think again. 
Every moment is a new gift, over and over again, and if you miss the opportunity of this moment, another moment is given to us, and another moment. 
We can avail ourselves of this opportunity, or we can miss it, and if we avail ourselves of the opportunity, it is the key to happiness. 
Behold the master key to our happiness in our own hands. 
Moment by moment, we can be grateful for this gift. 
Does that mean that we can be grateful for everything? 
Certainly not. 
We cannot be grateful for violence, for war, for oppression, for exploitation. 
On the personal level, we cannot be grateful for the loss of a friend, for unfaithfulness, for bereavement. 
But I didn't say we can be grateful for everything. 
I said we can be grateful in every given moment for the opportunity, and even when we are confronted with something that is terribly difficult, we can rise to this occasion and respond to the opportunity that is given to us. 
It isn't as bad as it might seem. 
Actually, when you look at it and experience it, you find that most of the time, what is given to us is the opportunity to enjoy, and we only miss it because we are rushing through life and we are not stopping to see the opportunity. 
But once in a while, something very difficult is given to us, and when this difficult thing occurs to us, it's a challenge to rise to that opportunity, and we can rise to it by learning something which is sometimes painful. 
Learning patience, for instance. 
We have been told that the road to peace is not a sprint, but is more like a marathon. 
That takes patience. That's difficult. 
It may be to stand up for your opinion, to stand up for your conviction. 
That's an opportunity that is given to us. 
To learn, to suffer, to stand up, all these opportunities are given to us, but they are opportunities, and those who avail themselves of those opportunities are the ones that we admire. 
They make something out of life. 
And those who fail get another opportunity. 
We always get another opportunity. 
That's the wonderful richness of life. 
So how can we find a method that will harness this? 
How can each one of us find a method for living gratefully, not just once in a while being grateful, but moment by moment to be grateful. 
How can we do it? It's a very simple method. 
It's so simple that it's actually what we were told as children when we learned to cross the street. 
Stop. 
That's all. 
But how often do we stop? 
We rush through life. We don't stop. 
We miss the opportunity because we don't stop. 
We have to stop. 
And we have to build stop signs into our lives. 
When I was in Africa some years ago and then came back, I noticed water. 
In Africa where I was, I didn't have drinkable water. 
Every time I turned on the faucet, I was overwhelmed. 
Every time I clicked on the light, I was so grateful. 
It made me so happy. 
But after a while, this wears off. 
So I put little stickers on the light switch and on the water faucet, and every time I turned it on, water. 
So leave it up to your own imagination. 
You can find whatever works best for you, but you need stop signs in your life. 
And when you stop, then the next thing is to look. 
You look. You open your eyes. 
You open your ears. You open your nose. 
You open all your senses for this wonderful richness that is given to us. 
There is no end to it, and that is what life is all about, to enjoy, to enjoy what is given to us. 
And then we can also open our hearts, our hearts for the opportunities, for the opportunities also to help others, to make others happy, because nothing makes us more happy than when all of us are happy. 
And when we open our hearts to the opportunities, the opportunities invite us to do something, and that is the third. 
Stop, look, and then go, and really do something. 
And what we can do is whatever life offers to you in that present moment. 
Mostly it's the opportunity to enjoy, but sometimes it's something more difficult. 
But whatever it is, if we take this opportunity, we go with it, we are creative, those are the creative people. 
And that little stop, look, go, is such a potent seed that it can revolutionize our world. 
Because we are at the present moment in the middle of a change of consciousness, and you will be surprised if you -- I am always surprised when I hear how many times this word "gratefulness" and "gratitude" comes up. 
Everywhere you find it, a grateful airline, a restaurant gratefulness, a caf gratefulness, a wine that is gratefulness. 
Yes, I have even come across a toilet paper whose brand is called "Thank You." 
(Laughter) There is a wave of gratefulness because people are becoming aware how important this is and how this can change our world. 
It can change our world in immensely important ways, because if you're grateful, you're not fearful, and if you're not fearful, you're not violent. 
If you're grateful, you act out of a sense of enough and not of a sense of scarcity, and you are willing to share. 
If you are grateful, you are enjoying the differences between people, and you are respectful to everybody, and that changes this power pyramid under which we live. 
And it doesn't make for equality, but it makes for equal respect, and that is the important thing. 
The future of the world will be a network, not a pyramid turned upside down. 
The revolution of which I am speaking is a nonviolent revolution, and it's so revolutionary that it even revolutionizes the very concept of a revolution, because the normal revolution is one where the power pyramid is turned upside down and those who were on the bottom are now on the top and are doing exactly the same thing that the ones before. 
What we need is a networking of smaller groups, smaller and smaller groups who know one another, who interact with one another, and that is a grateful world. 
A grateful world is a world of joyful people. 
Grateful people are joyful people, and joyful people -- the more and more joyful people there are, the more and more we'll have a joyful world. 
We have a network for grateful living, and it has mushroomed. 
We couldn't understand why it mushroomed. 
We have an opportunity for people to light a candle when they are grateful for something. 
And there have been 15 million candles lit in one decade. 
People are becoming aware that a grateful world is a happy world, and we all have the opportunity by the simple stop, look, go, to transform the world, to make it a happy place. 
And that is what I hope for us, and if this has contributed a little to making you want to do the same, stop, look, go. 
Thank you. 
(Applause) 

I have a question: Who here remembers when they first realized they were going to die? 
I do. I was a young boy, and my grandfather had just died, and I remember a few days later lying in bed at night trying to make sense of what had happened. 
What did it mean that he was dead? 
Where had he gone? 
It was like a hole in reality had opened up and swallowed him. 
But then the really shocking question occurred to me: If he could die, could it happen to me too? 
Could that hole in reality open up and swallow me? 
Would it open up beneath my bed and swallow me as I slept? 
Well, at some point, all children become aware of death. 
It can happen in different ways, of course, and usually comes in stages. 
Our idea of death develops as we grow older. 
And if you reach back into the dark corners of your memory, you might remember something like what I felt when my grandfather died and when I realized it could happen to me too, that sense that behind all of this the void is waiting. 
And this development in childhood reflects the development of our species. 
Just as there was a point in your development as a child when your sense of self and of time became sophisticated enough for you to realize you were mortal, so at some point in the evolution of our species, some early human's sense of self and of time became sophisticated enough for them to become the first human to realize, "I'm going to die." 
This is, if you like, our curse. 
It's the price we pay for being so damn clever. 
We have to live in the knowledge that the worst thing that can possibly happen one day surely will, the end of all our projects, our hopes, our dreams, of our individual world. 
We each live in the shadow of a personal apocalypse. 
And that's frightening. It's terrifying. 
And so we look for a way out. 
And in my case, as I was about five years old, this meant asking my mum. 
Now when I first started asking what happens when we die, the grown-ups around me at the time answered with a typical English mix of awkwardness and half-hearted Christianity, and the phrase I heard most often was that granddad was now "up there looking down on us," and if I should die too, which wouldn't happen of course, then I too would go up there, which made death sound a lot like an existential elevator. 
Now this didn't sound very plausible. 
I used to watch a children's news program at the time, and this was the era of space exploration. 
There were always rockets going up into the sky, up into space, going up there. 
But none of the astronauts when they came back ever mentioned having met my granddad or any other dead people. 
But I was scared, and the idea of taking the existential elevator to see my granddad sounded a lot better than being swallowed by the void while I slept. 
And so I believed it anyway, even though it didn't make much sense. 
And this thought process that I went through as a child, and have been through many times since, including as a grown-up, is a product of what psychologists call a bias. 
Now a bias is a way in which we systematically get things wrong, ways in which we miscalculate, misjudge, distort reality, or see what we want to see, and the bias I'm talking about works like this: Confront someone with the fact that they are going to die and they will believe just about any story that tells them it isn't true and they can, instead, live forever, even if it means taking the existential elevator. 
Now we can see this as the biggest bias of all. 
It has been demonstrated in over 400 empirical studies. 
Now these studies are ingenious, but they're simple. 
They work like this. 
You take two groups of people who are similar in all relevant respects, and you remind one group that they're going to die but not the other, then you compare their behavior. 
So you're observing how it biases behavior when people become aware of their mortality. 
And every time, you get the same result: People who are made aware of their mortality are more willing to believe stories that tell them they can escape death and live forever. 
So here's an example: One recent study took two groups of agnostics, that is people who are undecided in their religious beliefs. 
Now, one group was asked to think about being dead. 
The other group was asked to think about being lonely. 
They were then asked again about their religious beliefs. 
Those who had been asked to think about being dead were afterwards twice as likely to express faith in God and Jesus. 
Twice as likely. 
Even though the before they were all equally agnostic. 
But put the fear of death in them, and they run to Jesus. 
Now, this shows that reminding people of death biases them to believe, regardless of the evidence, and it works not just for religion, but for any kind of belief system that promises immortality in some form, whether it's becoming famous or having children or even nationalism, which promises you can live on as part of a greater whole. 
This is a bias that has shaped the course of human history. 
Now, the theory behind this bias in the over 400 studies is called terror management theory, and the idea is simple. It's just this. 
We develop our worldviews, that is, the stories we tell ourselves about the world and our place in it, in order to help us manage the terror of death. 
And these immortality stories have thousands of different manifestations, but I believe that behind the apparent diversity there are actually just four basic forms that these immortality stories can take. 
And we can see them repeating themselves throughout history, just with slight variations to reflect the vocabulary of the day. 
Now I'm going to briefly introduce these four basic forms of immortality story, and I want to try to give you some sense of the way in which they're retold by each culture or generation using the vocabulary of their day. 
Now, the first story is the simplest. 
We want to avoid death, and the dream of doing that in this body in this world forever is the first and simplest kind of immortality story, and it might at first sound implausible, but actually, almost every culture in human history has had some myth or legend of an elixir of life or a fountain of youth or something that promises to keep us going forever. 
Ancient Egypt had such myths, ancient Babylon, ancient India. 
Throughout European history, we find them in the work of the alchemists, and of course we still believe this today, only we tell this story using the vocabulary of science. 
So 100 years ago, hormones had just been discovered, and people hoped that hormone treatments were going to cure aging and disease, and now instead we set our hopes on stem cells, genetic engineering, and nanotechnology. 
But the idea that science can cure death is just one more chapter in the story of the magical elixir, a story that is as old as civilization. 
But betting everything on the idea of finding the elixir and staying alive forever is a risky strategy. 
When we look back through history at all those who have sought an elixir in the past, the one thing they now have in common is that they're all dead. 
So we need a backup plan, and exactly this kind of plan B is what the second kind of immortality story offers, and that's resurrection. 
And it stays with the idea that I am this body, I am this physical organism. 
It accepts that I'm going to have to die but says, despite that, I can rise up and I can live again. 
In other words, I can do what Jesus did. 
Jesus died, he was three days in the [tomb], and then he rose up and lived again. 
And the idea that we can all be resurrected to live again is orthodox believe, not just for Christians but also Jews and Muslims. 
But our desire to believe this story is so deeply embedded that we are reinventing it again for the scientific age, for example, with the idea of cryonics. 
That's the idea that when you die, you can have yourself frozen, and then, at some point when technology has advanced enough, you can be thawed out and repaired and revived and so resurrected. 
And so some people believe an omnipotent god will resurrect them to live again, and other people believe an omnipotent scientist will do it. 
But for others, the whole idea of resurrection, of climbing out of the grave, it's just too much like a bad zombie movie. 
They find the body too messy, too unreliable to guarantee eternal life, and so they set their hopes on the third, more spiritual immortality story, the idea that we can leave our body behind and live on as a soul. 
Now, the majority of people on Earth believe they have a soul, and the idea is central to many religions. 
But even though, in its current form, in its traditional form, the idea of the soul is still hugely popular, nonetheless we are again reinventing it for the digital age, for example with the idea that you can leave your body behind by uploading your mind, your essence, the real you, onto a computer, and so live on as an avatar in the ether. 
But of course there are skeptics who say if we look at the evidence of science, particularly neuroscience, it suggests that your mind, your essence, the real you, is very much dependent on a particular part of your body, that is, your brain. 
And such skeptics can find comfort in the fourth kind of immortality story, and that is legacy, the idea that you can live on through the echo you leave in the world, like the great Greek warrior Achilles, who sacrificed his life fighting at Troy so that he might win immortal fame. 
And the pursuit of fame is as widespread and popular now as it ever was, and in our digital age, it's even easier to achieve. 
You don't need to be a great warrior like Achilles or a great king or hero. 
All you need is an Internet connection and a funny cat. (Laughter) But some people prefer to leave a more tangible, biological legacy -- children, for example. 
Or they like, they hope, to live on as part of some greater whole, a nation or a family or a tribe, their gene pool. 
But again, there are skeptics who doubt whether legacy really is immortality. 
Woody Allen, for example, who said, "I don't want to live on in the hearts of my countrymen. 
I want to live on in my apartment." 
So those are the four basic kinds of immortality stories, and I've tried to give just some sense of how they're retold by each generation with just slight variations to fit the fashions of the day. 
And the fact that they recur in this way, in such a similar form but in such different belief systems, suggests, I think, that we should be skeptical of the truth of any particular version of these stories. 
The fact that some people believe an omnipotent god will resurrect them to live again and others believe an omnipotent scientist will do it suggests that neither are really believing this on the strength of the evidence. 
Rather, we believe these stories because we are biased to believe them, and we are biased to believe them because we are so afraid of death. 
So the question is, are we doomed to lead the one life we have in a way that is shaped by fear and denial, or can we overcome this bias? 
Well the Greek philosopher Epicurus thought we could. 
He argued that the fear of death is natural, but it is not rational. 
"Death," he said, "is nothing to us, because when we are here, death is not, and when death is here, we are gone." 
Now this is often quoted, but it's difficult to really grasp, to really internalize, because exactly this idea of being gone is so difficult to imagine. 
So 2,000 years later, another philosopher, Ludwig Wittgenstein, put it like this: "Death is not an event in life: We do not live to experience death. 
And so," he added, "in this sense, life has no end." 
So it was natural for me as a child to fear being swallowed by the void, but it wasn't rational, because being swallowed by the void is not something that any of us will ever live to experience. 
Now, overcoming this bias is not easy because the fear of death is so deeply embedded in us, yet when we see that the fear itself is not rational, and when we bring out into the open the ways in which it can unconsciously bias us, then we can at least start to try to minimize the influence it has on our lives. 
Now, I find it helps to see life as being like a book: Just as a book is bounded by its covers, by beginning and end, so our lives are bounded by birth and death, and even though a book is limited by beginning and end, it can encompass distant landscapes, exotic figures, fantastic adventures. 
And even though a book is limited by beginning and end, the characters within it know no horizons. 
They only know the moments that make up their story, even when the book is closed. 
And so the characters of a book are not afraid of reaching the last page. 
Long John Silver is not afraid of you finishing your copy of "Treasure Island." 
And so it should be with us. 
Imagine the book of your life, its covers, its beginning and end, and your birth and your death. 
You can only know the moments in between, the moments that make up your life. 
It makes no sense for you to fear what is outside of those covers, whether before your birth or after your death. 
And you needn't worry how long the book is, or whether it's a comic strip or an epic. 
The only thing that matters is that you make it a good story. 
Thank you. 
(Applause) 

What makes a great leader today? 
Many of us carry this image of this all-knowing superhero who stands and commands and protects his followers. 
But that's kind of an image from another time, and what's also outdated are the leadership development programs that are based on success models for a world that was, not a world that is or that is coming. 
We conducted a study of 4,000 companies, and we asked them, let's see the effectiveness of your leadership development programs. 
Fifty-eight percent of the companies cited significant talent gaps for critical leadership roles. 
That means that despite corporate training programs, off-sites, assessments, coaching, all of these things, more than half the companies had failed to grow enough great leaders. 
You may be asking yourself, is my company helping me to prepare to be a great 21st-century leader? 
The odds are, probably not. 
Now, I've spent 25 years of my professional life observing what makes great leaders. 
I've worked inside Fortune 500 companies, I've advised over 200 CEOs, and I've cultivated more leadership pipelines than you can imagine. 
But a few years ago, I noticed a disturbing trend in leadership preparation. 
I noticed that, despite all the efforts, there were familiar stories that kept resurfacing about individuals. 
One story was about Chris, a high-potential, superstar leader who moves to a new unit and fails, destroying unrecoverable value. 
And then there were stories like Sidney, the CEO, who was so frustrated because her company is cited as a best company for leaders, but only one of the top 50 leaders is equipped to lead their crucial initiatives. 
And then there were stories like the senior leadership team of a once-thriving business that's surprised by a market shift, finds itself having to force the company to reduce its size in half or go out of business. 
Now, these recurring stories cause me to ask two questions. 
Why are the leadership gaps widening when there's so much more investment in leadership development? 
And what are the great leaders doing distinctly different to thrive and grow? 
One of the things that I did, I was so consumed by these questions and also frustrated by those stories, that I left my job so that I could study this full time, and I took a year to travel to different parts of the world to learn about effective and ineffective leadership practices in companies, countries and nonprofit organizations. 
And so I did things like travel to South Africa, where I had an opportunity to understand how Nelson Mandela was ahead of his time in anticipating and navigating his political, social and economic context. 
I also met a number of nonprofit leaders who, despite very limited financial resources, were making a huge impact in the world, often bringing together seeming adversaries. 
And I spent countless hours in presidential libraries trying to understand how the environment had shaped the leaders, the moves that they made, and then the impact of those moves beyond their tenure. 
And then, when I returned to work full time, in this role, I joined with wonderful colleagues who were also interested in these questions. 
Now, from all this, I distilled the characteristics of leaders who are thriving and what they do differently, and then I also distilled the preparation practices that enable people to grow to their potential. 
I want to share some of those with you now. 
("What makes a great leader in the 21st century?") In a 21st-century world, which is more global, digitally enabled and transparent, with faster speeds of information flow and innovation, and where nothing big gets done without some kind of a complex matrix, relying on traditional development practices will stunt your growth as a leader. 
In fact, traditional assessments like narrow 360 surveys or outdated performance criteria will give you false positives, lulling you into thinking that you are more prepared than you really are. 
Leadership in the 21st century is defined and evidenced by three questions. 
Where are you looking to anticipate the next change to your business model or your life? 
The answer to this question is on your calendar. 
Who are you spending time with? On what topics? 
Where are you traveling? What are you reading? 
And then how are you distilling this into understanding potential discontinuities, and then making a decision to do something right now so that you're prepared and ready? 
There's a leadership team that does a practice where they bring together each member collecting, here are trends that impact me, here are trends that impact another team member, and they share these, and then make decisions, to course-correct a strategy or to anticipate a new move. 
Great leaders are not head-down. 
They see around corners, shaping their future, not just reacting to it. 
The second question is, what is the diversity measure of your personal and professional stakeholder network? 
You know, we hear often about good ol' boy networks and they're certainly alive and well in many institutions. 
But to some extent, we all have a network of people that we're comfortable with. 
So this question is about your capacity to develop relationships with people that are very different than you. 
And those differences can be biological, physical, functional, political, cultural, socioeconomic. 
And yet, despite all these differences, they connect with you and they trust you enough to cooperate with you in achieving a shared goal. 
Great leaders understand that having a more diverse network is a source of pattern identification at greater levels and also of solutions, because you have people that are thinking differently than you are. 
Third question: are you courageous enough to abandon a practice that has made you successful in the past? 
There's an expression: Go along to get along. 
But if you follow this advice, chances are as a leader, you're going to keep doing what's familiar and comfortable. 
Great leaders dare to be different. 
They don't just talk about risk-taking, they actually do it. 
And one of the leaders shared with me the fact that the most impactful development comes when you are able to build the emotional stamina to withstand people telling you that your new idea is nave or reckless or just plain stupid. 
Now interestingly, the people who will join you are not your usual suspects in your network. 
They're often people that think differently and therefore are willing to join you in taking a courageous leap. 
And it's a leap, not a step. 
More than traditional leadership programs, answering these three questions will determine your effectiveness as a 21st-century leader. 
So what makes a great leader in the 21st century? 
I've met many, and they stand out. 
They are women and men who are preparing themselves not for the comfortable predictability of yesterday but also for the realities of today and all of those unknown possibilities of tomorrow. 
Thank you. 
(Applause) 

(Banjo plays) (Banjo and guitar play) (Sings) Is this what it's like to be alive? 
I reached the point of no return and I don't know if I've been burned from the burned bridges in my life, thinkin' you were wrong and I was right. 
Maybe I messed up, either way it's too late for us. 
'Cause baby I'm old with regret, wishin' I could hold you and just forget. 
Since I can't I'll just be home but homesick, wishin' you were mine and I didn't hurt you like I did. 
Can't go back to when we had a chance, wishin' I could have a shot at real romance. 
Now I realize all the things I could have had were in your cold hands. 
I'm a fool for a dead romance. 
Gone, gone, gone. 
I'm a fool for a dead romance. 
Gone, gone, gone. 
I'm a fool for a dead romance. 
Is this what it's like to fantasize about a love that never was alive outside my mind or distance? 
With time I clearly lost my sight, thinkin' I was wrong to ever leave your side. 
But time's the harshest judge, makes us think we were in love. 
And now I'm old with regret, wishin' I could hold you and just forget. 
Since I can't I'll just be home but homesick, wishin' you were mine and I didn't hurt you like I did. 
Can't go back to when we had a chance, wishin' I could have a shot at real romance. 
Now I realize all the things I could have had were in your cold hands. 
I'm a fool for a dead romance. 
Gone, gone, gone. 
I'm a fool for a dead romance. 
(Banjo and guitar play) And baby I'm old with regret, wishin' I could hold you and just forget. 
Since I can't I'll just be home but homesick, wishin' you were mine and I didn't hurt you like I did. 
Can't go back to when we had a chance, wishin' I could have a shot at real romance. 
Now I realize all the things I could have had were in your cold hands. 
I'm a fool for a dead romance. 
Gone, gone, gone. 
I'm a fool for a dead romance. 
Gone, gone, gone. 
I'm a fool for a dead romance. 
Is this what it's like? 

It was less than a year after September 11, and I was at the Chicago Tribune writing about shootings and murders, and it was leaving me feeling pretty dark and depressed. 
I had done some activism in college, so I decided to help a local group hang door knockers against animal testing. 
I thought it would be a safe way to do something positive, but of course I have the absolute worst luck ever, and we were all arrested. 
Police took this blurry photo of me holding leaflets as evidence. 
My charges were dismissed, but a few weeks later, two FBI agents knocked on my door, and they told me that unless I helped them by spying on protest groups, they would put me on a domestic terrorist list. 
I'd love to tell you that I didn't flinch, but I was terrified, and when my fear subsided, I became obsessed with finding out how this happened, how animal rights and environmental activists who have never injured anyone could become the FBI's number one domestic terrorism threat. 
A few years later, I was invited to testify before Congress about my reporting, and I told lawmakers that, while everybody is talking about going green, some people are risking their lives to defend forests and to stop oil pipelines. 
They're physically putting their bodies on the line between the whalers' harpoons and the whales. 
These are everyday people, like these protesters in Italy who spontaneously climbed over barbed wire fences to rescue beagles from animal testing. 
And these movements have been incredibly effective and popular, so in 1985, their opponents made up a new word, eco-terrorist, to shift how we view them. 
They just made it up. 
Now these companies have backed new laws like the Animal Enterprise Terrorism Act, which turns activism into terrorism if it causes a loss of profits. 
Now most people never even heard about this law, including members of Congress. 
Less than one percent were in the room when it passed the House. 
The rest were outside at a new memorial. 
They were praising Dr. King as his style of activism was branded as terrorism if done in the name of animals or the environment. 
Supporters say laws like this are needed for the extremists: the vandals, the arsonists, the radicals. 
But right now, companies like TransCanada are briefing police in presentations like this one about how to prosecute nonviolent protesters as terrorists. 
The FBI's training documents on eco-terrorism are not about violence, they're about public relations. 
Today, in multiple countries, corporations are pushing new laws that make it illegal to photograph animal cruelty on their farms. 
The latest was in Idaho just two weeks ago, and today we released a lawsuit challenging it as unconstitutional as a threat to journalism. 
The first of these ag-gag prosecutions, as they're called, was a young woman named Amy Meyer, and Amy saw a sick cow being moved by a bulldozer outside of a slaughterhouse as she was on the public street. 
And Amy did what any of us would: She filmed it. 
When I found out about her story, I wrote about it, and within 24 hours, it created such an uproar that the prosecutors just dropped all the charges. 
But apparently, even exposing stuff like that is a threat. 
Through the Freedom of Information Act, I learned that the counter-terrorism unit has been monitoring my articles and speeches like this one. 
They even included this nice little write-up of my book. 
They described it as "compelling and well-written." 
(Applause) Blurb on the next book, right? 
The point of all of this is to make us afraid, but as a journalist, I have an unwavering faith in the power of education. 
Our best weapon is sunlight. 
Dostoevsky wrote that the whole work of man is to prove he's a man and not a piano key. 
Over and over throughout history, people in power have used fear to silence the truth and to silence dissent. 
It's time we strike a new note. 
Thank you. 
(Applause) 

In 2001, I was a brand new, shiny doctor, planning to save the world. 
My first job was working for three months on a lung cancer unit. 
Nearly all of my patients were smokers or ex-smokers, and most of them had started smoking when they were children or in their early teens. 
And despite living in a beautiful, wealthy country, with access to the most sophisticated medicines, nearly every single one of my patients died. 
Everyone knows tobacco is bad, but when you see the impact firsthand, day-by-day, it leaves a very deep impression. 
Ten years later, I'm a radiation oncologist, fully aware of the suffering caused by tobacco. 
I'm sitting at the hospital cafeteria, having my first ever meeting with a representative from my superannuation fund. 
It was thrilling, I'm sure you can imagine. 
(Laughter) He tells me I'm in the default option. 
And I said, "Option? Does that mean there are other options?" 
He looked at me, rolled his eyes, and said, "Well, there is this one greenie option for people who have a problem with investing in mining, alcohol or tobacco." 
I said, "Did you just say tobacco?" 
He said, "Yes." 
I said, "So, are you telling me I'm currently investing in tobacco?" 
And he said, "Oh, yes, everyone is." 
When you invest in a company, you own part of that company. 
You want that company to grow and succeed and thrive. 
You want that company to attract new customers, you want that company to sell more of its products. 
And when it comes to tobacco, I couldn't think of anything that I wanted less. 
Now, I know you can only see one person standing here on this big red dot, on this enormous stage. 
But instead, I would like you to imagine that you're looking at seven million people crammed up here beside me today. 
Seven million people across the world have died as a result of tobacco in the past year alone. 
Just imagine, if a brand new industry were launched today, and by the end of next June, that industry's products had killed seven million people. 
Would any of us invest in that new, deadly industry? 
Tobacco is one of the most pressing global issues of our time, and most of us are far more complicit in the problem than we may realize. 
So, the super fund representative explained to me that tobacco companies would be found in the international shares portion of my portfolio. 
So I asked him, "Well, which international shares do I have?" 
He got back to me two weeks later with this list: my number one holding in international shares was British American Tobacco. 
Number two, Imperial Tobacco. 
Number four, Philip Morris. 
And number five, the Swedish Match company. 
Four of the top five companies were tobacco companies, my investments, an oncologist. 
And then I realized it wasn't just me. 
It was all members of my super fund. 
And then I realized it wasn't just my super fund, it was all of them. 
And then I realized, it wasn't just superannuation funds, it was banks, insurers and fund managers. 
And then I realized it wasn't just Australia. 
It was the entire global finance sector, completely tangled up with the tobacco industry. 
The industry that makes products that kill seven million people every year. 
So I started discussing the issue with my superannuation fund, and I've been discussing it ever since. 
Finance leaders have many challenging issues to deal with, these days. 
So I suggest they adopt a framework that clearly articulates why it is reasonable to take a strong position on tobacco. 
I suggest finance leaders ask a suite of three questions of any company in which they might invest our money. 
Question one: Can the product made by the company be used safely? 
"No" is the answer for tobacco companies. 
Zero is the only safe number of cigarettes for a human being. 
It could not be more black and white. 
Question two: Is the problem caused by the company so significant on a global level that it is subject to a UN treaty or convention? 
"Yes" is the answer for tobacco. 
Indeed there is a UN tobacco treaty that has been ratified by 180 countries. 
The treaty was created because of the catastrophic global impact of tobacco. 
The current forecast is that the world is on track for one billion tobacco-related deaths this century. 
One billion deaths. 
There's only seven billion of us. 
Question three relates to the concept of engagement. 
Many financial organizations genuinely want to be good corporate citizens. 
They want to use their shareholder power to sit down with companies, engage with them, and encourage them to do better things. 
So the question is: Can engagement with the company be an effective lever for change? 
"No" is the answer for tobacco companies. 
Engagement with the tobacco industry is futile. 
The only acceptable outcome would be if tobacco companies ceased their primary business. 
In fact, engagement with the tobacco industry has never led to less human death. 
When we consider that framework, three simple questions, we can see that is reasonable and defensible to take a strong position and exclude investment in the tobacco industry. 
In addition to the UN tobacco treaty, there is, in fact, another global treaty that demands that we act on tobacco. 
In 2015, the UN adopted the Sustainable Development Goals. 
Now, we're talking about tobacco, and I know you're going to jump straight to number three: good health and well-being. 
And indeed, ramping up tobacco control regulation is essential if we're going to achieve that goal. 
However, look a bit more deeply, and you will find that 13 of the 17 goals cannot be achieved unless there is a major shake-up of the tobacco industry. 
Personally, my favorite goal is number 17: partnerships for the goals. 
At present, we have the entire global health sector doing everything it can to help the tidal wave of patients suffering as a result of tobacco. 
But that said, in the past year alone, seven million people have died, so clearly, that is not enough. 
We also have governments aligned on tobacco, 180 of them, busily trying to implement the provisions of the UN tobacco treaty. 
But that, too, is not enough. 
If the global finance sector continues to lend money to tobacco companies, to invest in tobacco companies, and to strive to profit from tobacco companies, we are working against each other. 
Now, if we are going to disrupt what doctors call "the global tobacco epidemic," we need every sector of society to stand side by side and be part of the solution. 
So I call on finance leaders to implement a framework to deal with sensitive issues. 
And I call on them to uphold global conventions. 
But in addition, there are business risks. 
Pure financial risks, associated with being invested in the tobacco industry over the long term, and I ask finance leaders to consider them. 
The first risk is that fewer and fewer people will smoke, as a result of increasing tobacco regulation. 
When these warnings were put on cigarette packets in Canada, [Tobacco can make you impotent] the first response of smokers was to give them right back to the salespeople and say, "Could you please just give me the ones that say they'll kill me?" 
(Laughter) Regulation gets noticed, regulation reduces consumption, and we have 180 countries committed to more regulation. 
Let's talk about litigation and the risk that presents. 
At present, it's the business model of the tobacco industry that is being challenged. 
Currently, the tobacco industry externalizes all of the health costs associated with tobacco. 
Governments pay, communities pay, you pay, I pay. 
The tobacco industry externalizes all those costs, with an estimated one trillion US dollars per year. 
Yet they internalize and privatize the profits. 
In 2015, in Quebec province, the courts determined that the tobacco industry was indeed responsible for those health costs, and ordered them to pay 15 billion US dollars. 
That case is under appeal. 
But it begs the question, why should any of us, in any country, be paying for the costs of the tobacco industry? 
Let's move on to supply chain and the risk there. 
It is not well known that the tobacco industry significantly relies on child labor. 
In March 2017, the International Labour Organization issued a report which stated: "In tobacco-growing communities, child labor is rampant." 
The US Department of Labor currently lists 16 countries that use children to produce tobacco leaf. 
Scrutiny of supply chains is intensifying, and that cannot continue to escape public attention. 
Finally, there is also reputation risk to consider for individuals and organizations that continue to maintain an affiliation with the tobacco industry. 
In countless surveys, the tobacco industry ranks as the world's least reputable industry. 
Let's just look at the impact on children. 
Globally, every single day, it is estimated that 100,000 children start smoking. 
That's enough children to fit inside the Melbourne Cricket Ground. 
And most of those children are from the poorest communities on earth. 
Here in Australia, the average age that people start smoking is 16 years and two months. 
They look pretty young to me, but the worst thing here is that while we don't have data from every country on earth, we believe that is the oldest age. 
Everywhere else is younger. 
Now for the good news. 
Things are changing. 
The finance sector is coming to the party. 
After around 2,000 meetings with finance leaders, primarily in the cafs of Melbourne and Sydney and London and Paris and New York and all across the globe, momentum, moving away from investment in the tobacco industry, is starting to snowball. 
Finance leaders are alarmed when they're presented with the facts, and overwhelmingly, they want to be part of the solution. 
Here, in Australia, we now have 10,636,101 superannuation accounts that are tobacco-free. 
That one is mine, by the way. 
(Applause) There is still a lot of work to be done, but I've watched the conversation go from "Should we go tobacco-free?" 
to "Why haven't we done it yet?" 
In the past year alone, major tobacco-free moves have been made by leading financial organizations in eight different countries. 
In Australia, New Zealand, the Netherlands, Sweden, Denmark, France, Ireland and the USA. 
By sovereign wealth funds, fund managers, pension funds, banks, insurers and reinsurers. 
Since tobacco-free portfolios began, more than six billion dollars has been redirected away from investment in the tobacco industry. 
The case study is well and truly proven. 
When making the tobacco-free announcement in March this year, the CEO of AMP Capital said, "We are not prepared to deliver investment returns at any cost to society." 
And that is the question we need to ask ourselves. 
Is there no baseline standard below which we will not sink to make profit? 
Along the way, I've had a lot of help and incredible support. 
Now, if you're trying to do something, I highly recommend that you have a princess on your team. 
Her Royal Highness, Princess Dina Mired, is the global ambassador for this work. 
We also have a lord, a knight, a former premier, a former federal minister and a stack of CEOs. 
But the capacity to change things does not rest exclusively with these highly influential people. 
The power to do that is with all of us. 
Everyone here can be part of the solution. 
In fact, everyone here must be part of the solution. 
Most people in this room own companies via their superannuation funds, their banks and their insurers. 
And it is time for us to ask them: Are they investing our money in companies that make products that kill seven million people every year? 
It's your money. 
It's my money, it's our money. 
And that is a very reasonable question. 
Pretty cramped up here, with seven million people beside me today. 
But if we don't act now, and act together, we'll need to make way for one billion people before the end of this century. 
And this is a very big stage. 
But there is no more room. 
Thank you. 
(Applause) 

Come with me to Agbogbloshie, a neighborhood in the heart of Accra, named after a god that lives in the Odaw River. 
There's a slum, Old Fadama, built on land reclaimed from the Korle Lagoon, just before it opens into the Gulf of Guinea. 
There's a scrapyard here where people take apart all kinds of things, from mobile phones to computers, automobiles to even entire airplanes. 
Agbogbloshie's scrapyard is famous because it has become a symbol of the downside of technology: the problem of planned obsolescence. 
It's seen as a place where devices from around the world end their life, where your data comes to die. 
These are the images that the media loves to show, of young men and boys burning wires and cables to recover copper and aluminum, using Styrofoam and old tires as fuel, seriously hurting themselves and the environment. 
It's a super-toxic process, producing pollutants that enter the global ecosystem, build up in fatty tissue and threaten the top of the food chain. 
But this story is incomplete. 
There's a lot we can learn from Agbogbloshie, where scrap collected from city- and nationwide is brought. 
For so many of us, our devices are black boxes. 
We know what they do, but not how they work or what's inside. 
In Agbogbloshie, people make it their business to know exactly what's inside. 
Scrap dealers recover copper, aluminum, steel, glass, plastic and printed circuit boards. 
It's called "urban mining." 
It's now more efficient for us to mine materials from our waste. 
There is 10 times more gold, silver, platinum, palladium in one ton of our electronics than in one ton of ore mined from beneath the surface of the earth. 
In Agbogbloshie, weight is a form of currency. 
Devices are dissected to recover materials, parts and components with incredible attention to detail, down to the aluminum tips of electric plugs. 
But scrap dealers don't destroy components that are still functional. 
They supply them to repair workshops like this one in Agbogbloshie and the tens of thousands of technicians across the country that refurbish electrical and electronic equipment, and sell them as used products to consumers that may not be able to buy a new television or a new computer. 
Make no mistake about it, there are young hackers in Agbogbloshie -- and I mean that in the very best sense of that word -- that know not only how to take apart computers but how to put them back together, how to give them new life. 
Agbogbloshie reminds us that making is a cycle. 
It extends to remaking and unmaking in order to recover the materials that enable us to make something anew. 
We can learn from Agbogbloshie, where cobblers remake work boots, where women collect plastic from all over the city, sort it by type, shred it, wash it and ultimately sell it back as feedstock to factories to make new clothing, new plastic buckets and chairs. 
Steel is stockpiled separately, where the carcasses of cars and microwaves and washing machines become iron rods for new construction; where roofing sheets become cookstoves; where shafts from cars become chisels that are used to scrap more objects; where aluminum recovered from the radiators of fridges and air conditioners are melted down and use sand casting to make ornaments for the building industry, for pots which are sold just down the street in the Agbogbloshie market with a full array of locally made ovens, stoves and smokers, which are used every day to make the majority of palm nut soups, of tea and sugar breads, of grilled tilapia in the city. 
They're made in roadside workshops like this one by welders like Mohammed, who recover materials from the waste stream and use them to make all kinds of things, like dumbbells for working out out of old car parts. 
But here's what's really cool: the welding machines they use look like this, and they're made by specially coiling copper around electrical steel recovered from old transformer scrap. 
There's an entire industry just next to Agbogbloshie making locally fabricated welding machines that power local fabrication. 
What's really cool as well is that there's a transfer of skills and knowledge across generations, from masters to apprentices, but it's done through active learning, through heuristic learning, learning by doing and by making. 
And this stands in sharp contrast to the experience of many students in school, where lecturers lecture, and students write things down and memorize them. 
It's boring, but the real problem is this somehow preempts their latent or their inherent entrepreneurial power. 
They know books but not how to make stuff. 
Four years ago, my cofounder Yasmine Abbas and I asked: What would happen if we could couple the practical know-how of makers in the informal sector with the technical knowledge of students and young professionals in STEAM fields -- science, technology, engineering, arts and mathematics -- to build a STEAM-powered innovation engine to drive what we call "Sankofa Innovation," which I'll explain. 
We took forays into the scrapyard to look for what could be repurposed, like DVD writers that could become laser etchers, or the power supplies of old servers for a start-up in Kumasi making 3D printers out of e-waste. 
The key was to bring together young people from different backgrounds that ordinarily never have anything to do with each other, to have a conversation about how they could collaborate and to test and develop new machines and tools that could allow them to shred and strip copper instead of burning it, to mold plastic bricks and tiles, to build new computers out of components recovered from dead electronics, to build a drone. 
And here you can see it flying for the first time in Agbogbloshie. 
(Applause) Yasmine and I have collaborated with over 1,500 young people, 750 from STEAM fields, and over 750 grassroots makers and scrap dealers from Agbogbloshie and beyond. 
They've joined hands together to develop a platform which they call Spacecraft, a hybrid physical and digital space for crafting, more of a process than a product, an open architecture for making, which involves three parts: a makerspace kiosk, which is prefab and modular; tool kits which can be customized based on what makers want to make; and a trading app. 
We built the app specifically with the needs of the scrap dealers in mind first, because we realized that it was not enough to arm them with information and upgraded technology if we wanted them to green their recycling processes; they needed incentives. 
Scrap dealers are always looking for new scrap and new buyers and what interests them is finding buyers who will pay more for clean copper than for burnt. 
We realized that in the entire ecosystem, everyone was searching for something. 
Makers are searching for materials, parts, components, tools, blueprints to make what it is they want to make. 
They're also finding a way to let customers and clientele find out that they can repair a blender or fix an iron or, as we learned yesterday, to make a french fry machine. 
On the flip side, you find that there are end users that are desperately looking for someone that can make them a french fry machine, and you have scrap dealers who are looking how they can collect this scrap, process it, and turn it back into an input for new making. 
We tried to untangle that knot of not knowing to allow people to find what they need to make what they want to make. 
We prototyped the makerspace kiosk in Agbogbloshie, conceived as the opposite of a school: a portal into experiential and experimental making that connects local and global and connects making with remaking and unmaking. 
We made a rule that everything had to be made from scratch using only materials made in Ghana or sourced from the scrapyard. 
The structures essentially are simple trusses which bolt together. 
It takes about two hours to assemble one module with semi-skilled labor, and by developing tooling and jigs and rigs, we were able to actually build these standardized parts within this ecosystem of artisanal welders with the precision of one millimeter -- of course, using made-in-Agbogbloshie welding machines, as well as for the tools, which can lock, the toolboxes, and stack to make workbenches, and again, customized based on what you want to make. 
We've tested the app in Agbogbloshie and are getting ready to open it up to other maker ecosystems. 
In six months, we'll have finished three years of testing the makerspace kiosk, which I have to admit, we've subjected to some pretty horrific abuse. 
But it's for a good cause, because based on the results of that testing, we've been able to redesign an upgraded version of this makerspace. 
If a fab lab is large, expensive, and fixed in place, think of this as the counterpoint: something low-cost, which can be locally manufactured, which can be expanded and kitted out incrementally as makers acquire resources. 
You can think of it as a toolshed, where makers can come and check out tools and take them via handcart to wherever they want in the city to make what it is they want to make. 
And moving into the next phase, we're planning to also add ceiling-mounted CNC bots, which allow makers to cocreate together with robots. 
Ultimately, this is a kit of parts, which can be assembled locally within the informal sector using standardized parts which can be upgraded collectively through an open-source process. 
In totality, this entire makerspace system tries to do five things: to enable emerging makers to gather the resources they need and the tools to make what they want to make; to learn by doing and from others; to produce more and better products; to be able to trade to generate steady income; and ultimately, to amplify not only their reputation as a maker, but their maker potential. 
Sankofa is one of the most powerful Adinkra symbols of the Akan peoples in Ghana and Cote d'Ivoire, and it can be represented as a bird reaching onto its back to collect an egg, a symbol of power. 
It translates literally from the Twi as "return and get it," and what this means is that if an individual or a community or a society wants to have a successful future, they have to draw on the past. 
To acquire and master existing ways of doing, access the knowledge of their ancestors. 
And this is very relevant if we want to think about an inclusive future for Africa today. 
We have to start from the ground up, mining what already works for methods and for models, and to think about how might we be able to connect, in a kind of "both-and," not "either-or" paradigm, the innovation capacity of this growing network of tech hubs and incubators across the continent and to rethink beyond national boundaries and political boundaries, to think about how we can network innovation in Africa with the spirit of Sankofa and the existing capacity of makers at the grassroots. 
If, in the future, someone tells you Agbogbloshie is the largest e-waste dump in the world, I hope you can correct them and explain to them that a dump is a place where you throw things away and leave them forever; a scrapyard is where you take things apart. 
Waste is something that no longer has any value, whereas scrap is something that you recover specifically to use it to remake something new. 
Making is a cycle, and African makerspaces are already pioneering and leading circular economy at the grassroots. 
Let's make more and better together. 
Thank you. 
(Applause) 

I would like to share with you a new model of higher education, a model that, once expanded, can enhance the collective intelligence of millions of creative and motivated individuals that otherwise would be left behind. 
Look at the world. 
Pick a place and focus on it. 
You will find humans chasing higher education. 
Let's meet some of them. 
Patrick. 
Patrick was born in Liberia to a family of 20 children. 
During the civil war, he and his family were forced to flee to Nigeria. 
There, in spite of his situation, he graduated high school with nearly perfect grades. 
He wanted to continue to higher education, but due to his family living on the poverty line, he was soon sent to South Africa to work and send back money to feed his family. 
Patrick never gave up his dream of higher education. 
Late at night, after work, he surfed the net, looking for ways to study. 
Meet Debbie. 
Debbie is from Florida. 
Her parents didn't go to college, and neither did any of her siblings. 
Debbie has worked all her life, pays taxes, supports herself month to month, proud of the American dream, a dream that just won't be complete without higher education. 
But Debbie doesn't have the savings for higher education. 
She can't pay the tuition. 
Neither could she leave work. 
Meet Wael. 
Wael is from Syria. 
He's experiencing firsthand the misery, fear and failure imposed on his country. 
He's a big believer in education. 
He knew that if he could find an opportunity for higher education, an opportunity to get ahead of the rest, he has a better chance to survive in a world turned upside down. 
The higher education system failed Patrick, Debbie and Wael, exactly as it is failing millions of potential students -- millions that graduate high school, millions that are qualified for higher education, millions that want to study yet cannot access it for various reasons. 
First: financial. 
Universities are expensive; we all know it. 
In large parts of the world, higher education is unattainable for an average citizen. 
This is probably the biggest problem facing our society. 
Higher education stopped being a right for all and became a privilege for the few. 
Second: cultural. 
Students who are qualified for higher education can afford -- want to study -- cannot, because it is not decent, it is not a place for a woman. 
This is the story of countless women in Africa, for example, prevented from higher education because of cultural barriers. 
And here comes the third reason: UNESCO stated that in 2025, 100 million students will be deprived of higher education, simply because there will not be enough seats to accommodate them, to meet the demand. 
They will take a placement test, they will pass it, but they still won't have access, because there are no places available. 
These are the reasons I founded University of the People, a nonprofit, tuition-free, degree-granting university to give an alternative, to create an alternative, to those who have no other; an alternative that will be affordable and scalable, an alternative that will disrupt the current education system, and open the gates to higher education for every qualified student regardless of what they earn, where they live, or what society says about them. 
Patrick, Debbie and Wael are only three examples out of the 1,700 accepted students from 143 countries. 
(Applause) Thank you. 
(Applause) We didn't need to reinvent the wheel. 
We just looked at what wasn't working and used the amazing power of the Internet to get around it. 
We set out to build a model that will cut down almost entirely the cost of higher education. 
And that's how we did it. 
First, bricks and mortar cost money. 
Universities have expenses that virtual universities don't. 
We don't need to pass these expenses on to our students. 
They don't exist. 
We also don't need to worry about capacity. 
There are no limits of seats in virtual university. 
Actually, nobody needs to stand at the back of the lecture hall. 
Textbooks are also something our students don't need to buy. 
By using open educational resources and the generosity of professors who are putting their material up free and accessible, we don't need to send our students to buy textbooks. 
All of our materials come free. 
Even professors, the most expensive line in any university balance sheet, come free to our students. 
Over 3,000 of them, including presidents, vice chancellors, professors and academic advisers from top universities such as NYU, Yale, Berkeley and Oxford, came on board to help our students. 
Finally, is our belief in peer-to-peer learning. 
We use this sound pedagogical model to encourage our students from all over the world to interact and study together, and also to reduce the time our professors need to labor over class assignments. 
If the Internet has made us a global village, this model can develop its future leadership. 
Look how we do it. 
We only offer two programs: business administration and computer science, the two programs most in demand worldwide, the two programs that are likeliest to help our students find a job. 
When our students are accepted, they are placed in a small classroom of 20 to 30 students, to ensure that those who need personalized attention get it. 
Moreover, for every nine-week course, they meet a new peer, a whole new set of students from all over the world. 
Every week, when they go into the classroom, they find the lecture notes of the week, the reading assignment, the homework assignment, and the discussion question, which is the core of our studies. 
Every week, every student must contribute to the class discussion, and also must comment on the contribution of others. 
This way, we open our students' minds, we develop a positive shift in attitude toward different cultures. 
By the end of each week, the students take a quiz, hand in their homework, which are assessed by their peers under the supervision of the instructors, get a grade, move to the next week. 
By the end of the course, they take the final exam, get a grade, and follow to the next course. 
We open the gates for higher education for every qualified student. 
Every student with a high school diploma, sufficient English and Internet connection can study with us. 
We don't use audio, we don't use video. 
Broadband is not necessary. 
Any student from any part of the world with any Internet connection can study with us. 
We are tuition free. 
All we ask our students to cover is the cost of their exams, 100 dollars per exam. 
A full-time bachelor's degree student taking 40 courses will pay 1,000 dollars a year, 4,000 dollars for the entire degree. 
And for those who cannot afford even this, we offer them a variety of scholarships. 
It is our mission that nobody will be left behind for financial reasons. 
With 5,000 students in 2016, this model is financially sustainable. 
Five years ago, it was a vision. 
Today, it is a reality. 
Last month, we got the ultimate academic endorsement to our model. 
University of the People is now fully accredited. 
(Applause) Thank you. 
(Applause) With this accreditation, it's our time now to scale up. 
We have demonstrated that our model works. 
I invite universities and, even more important, developing countries' governments, to replicate this model to ensure that the gates of higher education will open widely. 
A new era is coming -- an era that will witness the disruption of the higher education model as we know it today, from being a privilege for the few to becoming a basic right, affordable and accessible for all. 
Thank you. 
(Applause) 

Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., in a 1968 speech where he reflects upon the Civil Rights Movement, states, "In the end, we will remember not the words of our enemies but the silence of our friends." 
As a teacher, I've internalized this message. 
Every day, all around us, we see the consequences of silence manifest themselves in the form of discrimination, violence, genocide and war. 
In the classroom, I challenge my students to explore the silences in their own lives through poetry. 
We work together to fill those spaces, to recognize them, to name them, to understand that they don't have to be sources of shame. 
In an effort to create a culture within my classroom where students feel safe sharing the intimacies of their own silences, I have four core principles posted on the board that sits in the front of my class, which every student signs at the beginning of the year: read critically, write consciously, speak clearly, tell your truth. 
And I find myself thinking a lot about that last point, tell your truth. 
And I realized that if I was going to ask my students to speak up, I was going to have to tell my truth and be honest with them about the times where I failed to do so. 
So I tell them that growing up, as a kid in a Catholic family in New Orleans, during Lent I was always taught that the most meaningful thing one could do was to give something up, sacrifice something you typically indulge in to prove to God you understand his sanctity. 
I've given up soda, McDonald's, French fries, French kisses, and everything in between. 
But one year, I gave up speaking. 
I figured the most valuable thing I could sacrifice was my own voice, but it was like I hadn't realized that I had given that up a long time ago. 
I spent so much of my life telling people the things they wanted to hear instead of the things they needed to, told myself I wasn't meant to be anyone's conscience because I still had to figure out being my own, so sometimes I just wouldn't say anything, appeasing ignorance with my silence, unaware that validation doesn't need words to endorse its existence. 
When Christian was beat up for being gay, I put my hands in my pocket and walked with my head down as if I didn't even notice. 
I couldn't use my locker for weeks because the bolt on the lock reminded me of the one I had put on my lips when the homeless man on the corner looked at me with eyes up merely searching for an affirmation that he was worth seeing. 
I was more concerned with touching the screen on my Apple than actually feeding him one. 
When the woman at the fundraising gala said "I'm so proud of you. 
It must be so hard teaching those poor, unintelligent kids," I bit my lip, because apparently we needed her money more than my students needed their dignity. 
We spend so much time listening to the things people are saying that we rarely pay attention to the things they don't. 
Silence is the residue of fear. 
It is feeling your flaws gut-wrench guillotine your tongue. 
It is the air retreating from your chest because it doesn't feel safe in your lungs. 
Silence is Rwandan genocide. Silence is Katrina. 
It is what you hear when there aren't enough body bags left. 
It is the sound after the noose is already tied. 
It is charring. It is chains. It is privilege. It is pain. 
There is no time to pick your battles when your battles have already picked you. 
I will not let silence wrap itself around my indecision. 
I will tell Christian that he is a lion, a sanctuary of bravery and brilliance. 
I will ask that homeless man what his name is and how his day was, because sometimes all people want to be is human. 
I will tell that woman that my students can talk about transcendentalism like their last name was Thoreau, and just because you watched one episode of "The Wire" doesn't mean you know anything about my kids. 
So this year, instead of giving something up, I will live every day as if there were a microphone tucked under my tongue, a stage on the underside of my inhibition. 
Because who has to have a soapbox when all you've ever needed is your voice? 
Thank you. 
(Applause) 

These are simple objects: clocks, keys, combs, glasses. 
They are the things the victims of genocide in Bosnia carried with them on their final journey. 
We are all familiar with these mundane, everyday objects. 
The fact that some of the victims carried personal items such as toothpaste and a toothbrush is a clear sign they had no idea what was about to happen to them. 
Usually, they were told that they were going to be exchanged for prisoners of war. 
These items have been recovered from numerous mass graves across my homeland, and as we speak, forensics are exhuming bodies from newly discovered mass graves, 20 years after the war. 
And it is quite possibly the largest ever discovered. 
During the four years of conflict that devastated the Bosnian nation in the early '90s, approximately 30,000 citizens, mainly civilians, went missing, presumed killed, and another 100,000 were killed during combat operations. 
Most of them were killed either in the early days of the war or towards the end of the hostilities, when U.N. safe zones like Srebrenica fell into the hands of the Serb army. 
The international criminal tribunal delivered a number of sentences for crimes against humanity and genocide. 
Genocide is a systematic and deliberate destruction of a racial, political, religious or ethnic group. 
As much as genocide is about killing. 
It is also about destroying their property, their cultural heritage, and ultimately the very notion that they ever existed. 
Genocide is not only about the killing; it is about the denied identity. 
There are always traces  no such thing as a perfect crime. 
There are always remnants of the perished ones that are more durable than their fragile bodies and our selective and fading memory of them. 
These items are recovered from numerous mass graves, and the main goal of this collection of the items is a unique process of identifying those who disappeared in the killings, the first act of genocide on European soil since the Holocaust. 
Not a single body should remain undiscovered or unidentified. 
Once recovered, these items that the victims carried with them on their way to execution are carefully cleaned, analyzed, catalogued and stored. 
Thousands of artifacts are packed in white plastic bags just like the ones you see on CSI. 
These objects are used as a forensic tool in visual identification of the victims, but they are also used as very valuable forensic evidence in the ongoing war crimes trials. 
Survivors are occasionally called to try to identify these items physically, but physical browsing is extremely difficult, an ineffective and painful process. 
Once the forensics and doctors and lawyers are done with these objects, they become orphans of the narrative. 
Many of them get destroyed, believe it or not, or they get simply shelved, out of sight and out of mind. 
I decided a few years ago to photograph every single exhumed item in order to create a visual archive that survivors could easily browse. 
As a storyteller, I like to give back to the community. 
I like to move beyond raising awareness. 
And in this case, someone may recognize these items or at least their photographs will remain as a permanent, unbiased and accurate reminder of what happened. 
Photography is about empathy, and the familiarity of these items guarantee empathy. 
In this case, I am merely a tool, a forensic, if you like, and the result is a photography that is as close as possible of being a document. 
Once all the missing persons are identified, only decaying bodies in their graves and these everyday items will remain. 
In all their simplicity, these items are the last testament to the identity of the victims, the last permanent reminder that these people ever existed. 
Thank you very much. 
(Applause) 

Ten years ago, I wrote a book which I entitled "Our Final Century?" Question mark. 
My publishers cut out the question mark. (Laughter) The American publishers changed our title to "Our Final Hour." 
Americans like instant gratification and the reverse. 
(Laughter) And my theme was this: Our Earth has existed for 45 million centuries, but this one is special  it's the first where one species, ours, has the planet's future in its hands. 
Over nearly all of Earth's history, threats have come from nature  disease, earthquakes, asteroids and so forth  but from now on, the worst dangers come from us. 
And it's now not just the nuclear threat; in our interconnected world, network breakdowns can cascade globally; air travel can spread pandemics worldwide within days; and social media can spread panic and rumor literally at the speed of light. 
We fret too much about minor hazards  improbable air crashes, carcinogens in food, low radiation doses, and so forth  but we and our political masters are in denial about catastrophic scenarios. 
The worst have thankfully not yet happened. 
Indeed, they probably won't. 
But if an event is potentially devastating, it's worth paying a substantial premium to safeguard against it, even if it's unlikely, just as we take out fire insurance on our house. 
And as science offers greater power and promise, the downside gets scarier too. 
We get ever more vulnerable. 
Within a few decades, millions will have the capability to misuse rapidly advancing biotech, just as they misuse cybertech today. 
Freeman Dyson, in a TED Talk, foresaw that children will design and create new organisms just as routinely as his generation played with chemistry sets. 
Well, this may be on the science fiction fringe, but were even part of his scenario to come about, our ecology and even our species would surely not survive long unscathed. 
For instance, there are some eco-extremists who think that it would be better for the planet, for Gaia, if there were far fewer humans. 
What happens when such people have mastered synthetic biology techniques that will be widespread by 2050? 
And by then, other science fiction nightmares may transition to reality: dumb robots going rogue, or a network that develops a mind of its own threatens us all. 
Well, can we guard against such risks by regulation? 
We must surely try, but these enterprises are so competitive, so globalized, and so driven by commercial pressure, that anything that can be done will be done somewhere, whatever the regulations say. 
It's like the drug laws  we try to regulate, but can't. 
And the global village will have its village idiots, and they'll have a global range. 
So as I said in my book, we'll have a bumpy ride through this century. 
There may be setbacks to our society  indeed, a 50 percent chance of a severe setback. 
But are there conceivable events that could be even worse, events that could snuff out all life? 
When a new particle accelerator came online, some people anxiously asked, could it destroy the Earth or, even worse, rip apart the fabric of space? 
Well luckily, reassurance could be offered. 
I and others pointed out that nature has done the same experiments zillions of times already, via cosmic ray collisions. 
But scientists should surely be precautionary about experiments that generate conditions without precedent in the natural world. 
Biologists should avoid release of potentially devastating genetically modified pathogens. 
And by the way, our special aversion to the risk of truly existential disasters depends on a philosophical and ethical question, and it's this: Consider two scenarios. 
Scenario A wipes out 90 percent of humanity. 
Scenario B wipes out 100 percent. 
How much worse is B than A? 
Some would say 10 percent worse. 
The body count is 10 percent higher. 
But I claim that B is incomparably worse. 
As an astronomer, I can't believe that humans are the end of the story. 
It is five billion years before the sun flares up, and the universe may go on forever, so post-human evolution, here on Earth and far beyond, could be as prolonged as the Darwinian process that's led to us, and even more wonderful. 
And indeed, future evolution will happen much faster, on a technological timescale, not a natural selection timescale. 
So we surely, in view of those immense stakes, shouldn't accept even a one in a billion risk that human extinction would foreclose this immense potential. 
Some scenarios that have been envisaged may indeed be science fiction, but others may be disquietingly real. 
It's an important maxim that the unfamiliar is not the same as the improbable, and in fact, that's why we at Cambridge University are setting up a center to study how to mitigate these existential risks. 
It seems it's worthwhile just for a few people to think about these potential disasters. 
And we need all the help we can get from others, because we are stewards of a precious pale blue dot in a vast cosmos, a planet with 50 million centuries ahead of it. 
And so let's not jeopardize that future. 
And I'd like to finish with a quote from a great scientist called Peter Medawar. 
I quote, "The bells that toll for mankind are like the bells of Alpine cattle. 
They are attached to our own necks, and it must be our fault if they do not make a tuneful and melodious sound." 
Thank you very much. 
(Applause) 

Picture this: It's Monday morning, you're at the office, you're settling in for the day at work, and this guy that you sort of recognize from down the hall, walks right into your cubicle and he steals your chair. 
Doesn't say a word  just rolls away with it. 
Doesn't give you any information about why he took your chair out of all the other chairs that are out there. 
Doesn't acknowledge the fact that you might need your chair to get some work done today. 
You wouldn't stand for it. You'd make a stink. 
You'd follow that guy back to his cubicle and you'd say, "Why my chair?" 
Okay, so now it's Tuesday morning and you're at the office, and a meeting invitation pops up in your calendar. 
(Laughter) And it's from this woman who you kind of know from down the hall, and the subject line references some project that you heard a little bit about. 
But there's no agenda. 
There's no information about why you were invited to the meeting. 
And yet you accept the meeting invitation, and you go. 
And when this highly unproductive session is over, you go back to your desk, and you stand at your desk and you say, "Boy, I wish I had those two hours back, like I wish I had my chair back." 
(Laughter) Every day, we allow our coworkers, who are otherwise very, very nice people, to steal from us. 
And I'm talking about something far more valuable than office furniture. 
I'm talking about time. Your time. 
In fact, I believe that we are in the middle of a global epidemic of a terrible new illness known as MAS: Mindless Accept Syndrome. 
(Laughter) The primary symptom of Mindless Accept Syndrome is just accepting a meeting invitation the minute it pops up in your calendar. 
(Laughter) It's an involuntary reflex  ding, click, bing  it's in your calendar, "Gotta go, I'm already late for a meeting." (Laughter) Meetings are important, right? 
And collaboration is key to the success of any enterprise. 
And a well-run meeting can yield really positive, actionable results. 
But between globalization and pervasive information technology, the way that we work has really changed dramatically over the last few years. 
And we're miserable. (Laughter) And we're miserable not because the other guy can't run a good meeting, it's because of MAS, our Mindless Accept Syndrome, which is a self-inflicted wound. 
Actually, I have evidence to prove that MAS is a global epidemic. 
Let me tell you why. 
A couple of years ago, I put a video on Youtube, and in the video, I acted out every terrible conference call you've ever been on. 
It goes on for about five minutes, and it has all the things that we hate about really bad meetings. 
There's the moderator who has no idea how to run the meeting. 
There are the participants who have no idea why they're there. 
The whole thing kind of collapses into this collaborative train wreck. 
And everybody leaves very angry. 
It's kind of funny. 
(Laughter) Let's take a quick look. 
(Video) Our goal today is to come to an agreement on a very important proposal. 
As a group, we need to decide if  bloop bloop  Hi, who just joined? 
Hi, it's Joe. I'm working from home today. 
(Laughter) Hi, Joe. Thanks for joining us today, great. 
I was just saying, we have a lot of people on the call we'd like to get through, so let's skip the roll call and I'm gonna dive right in. 
Our goal today is to come to an agreement on a very important proposal. 
As a group, we need to decide if  bloop bloop  (Laughter) Hi, who just joined? 
No? I thought I heard a beep. (Laughter) Sound familiar? 
Yeah, it sounds familiar to me, too. 
A couple of weeks after I put that online, 500,000 people in dozens of countries, I mean dozens of countries, watched this video. 
And three years later, it's still getting thousands of views every month. 
It's close to about a million right now. 
And in fact, some of the biggest companies in the world, companies that you've heard of but I won't name, have asked for my permission to use this video in their new-hire training to teach their new employees how not to run a meeting at their company. 
And if the numbers  there are a million views and it's being used by all these companies  aren't enough proof that we have a global problem with meetings, there are the many, many thousands of comments posted online after the video went up. 
Thousands of people wrote things like, "OMG, that was my day today!" 
"That was my day every day!" 
One guy wrote, "It's funny because it's true. 
Eerily, sadly, depressingly true. 
It made me laugh until I cried. 
And cried. And I cried some more." 
(Laughter) This poor guy said, "My daily life until retirement or death, sigh." 
These are real quotes and it's real sad. 
A common theme running through all of these comments online is this fundamental belief that we are powerless to do anything other than go to meetings and suffer through these poorly run meetings and live to meet another day. 
But the truth is, we're not powerless at all. 
In fact, the cure for MAS is right here in our hands. 
It's right at our fingertips, literally. 
It's something that I call No MAS! 
(Laughter) Which, if I remember my high school Spanish, means something like, "Enough already, make it stop!" 
Here's how No MAS works. It's very simple. 
First of all, the next time you get a meeting invitation that doesn't have a lot of information in it at all, click the tentative button! 
It's okay, you're allowed, that's why it's there. 
It's right next to the accept button. 
Or the maybe button, or whatever button is there for you not to accept immediately. 
Then, get in touch with the person who asked you to the meeting. 
Tell them you're very excited to support their work, ask them what the goal of the meeting is, and tell them you're interested in learning how you can help them achieve their goal. 
And if we do this often enough, and we do it respectfully, people might start to be a little bit more thoughtful about the way they put together meeting invitations. 
And you can make more thoughtful decisions about accepting it. 
People might actually start sending out agendas. Imagine! 
Or they might not have a conference call with 12 people to talk about a status when they could just do a quick email and get it done with. 
People just might start to change their behavior because you changed yours. 
And they just might bring your chair back, too. (Laughter) No MAS! 
Thank you. 
(Applause). 

People back home call me a heckler, a troublemaker, an irritant, a rebel, an activist, the voice of the people. 
But that wasn't always me. 
Growing up, I had a nickname. 
They used to call me Softy, meaning the soft, harmless boy. 
Like every other human being, I avoided trouble. 
In my childhood, they taught me silence. 
Don't argue, do as you're told. 
In Sunday school, they taught me don't confront, don't argue, even if you're right, turn the other cheek. 
This was reinforced by the political climate of the time. 
(Laughter) Kenya is a country where you are guilty until proven rich. 
(Laughter) Kenya's poor are five times more likely to be shot dead by the police who are meant to protect them than by criminals. 
This was reinforced by the political climate of the day. 
We had a president, Moi, who was a dictator. 
He ruled the country with an iron fist, and anyone who dared question his authority was arrested, tortured, jailed or even killed. 
That meant that people were taught to be smart cowards, stay out of trouble. 
Being a coward was not an insult. 
Being a coward was a compliment. 
We used to be told that a coward goes home to his mother. 
What that meant: that if you stayed out of trouble you're going to stay alive. 
I used to question this advice, and eight years ago we had an election in Kenya, and the results were violently disputed. 
What followed that election was terrible violence, rape, and the killing of over 1,000 people. 
My work was to document the violence. 
As a photographer, I took thousands of images, and after two months, the two politicians came together, had a cup of tea, signed a peace agreement, and the country moved on. 
I was a very disturbed man because I saw the violence firsthand. 
I saw the killings. I saw the displacement. 
I met women who had been raped, and it disturbed me, but the country never spoke about it. 
We pretended. We all became smart cowards. 
We decided to stay out of trouble and not talk about it. 
Ten months later, I quit my job. I said I could not stand it anymore. 
After quitting my job, I decided to organize my friends to speak about the violence in the country, to speak about the state of the nation, and June 1, 2009 was the day that we were meant to go to the stadium and try and get the president's attention. 
It's a national holiday, it's broadcast across the country, and I showed up at the stadium. 
My friends did not show up. 
I found myself alone, and I didn't know what to do. 
I was scared, but I knew very well that that particular day, I had to make a decision. 
Was I able to live as a coward, like everyone else, or was I going to make a stand? 
And when the president stood up to speak, I found myself on my feet shouting at the president, telling him to remember the post-election violence victims, to stop the corruption. 
And suddenly, out of nowhere, the police pounced on me like hungry lions. 
They held my mouth and dragged me out of the stadium, where they thoroughly beat me up and locked me up in jail. 
I spent that night in a cold cement floor in the jail, and that got me thinking. 
What was making me feel this way? 
My friends and family thought I was crazy because of what I did, and the images that I took were disturbing my life. 
The images that I took were just a number to many Kenyans. 
Most Kenyans did not see the violence. 
It was a story to them. 
And so I decided to actually start a street exhibition to show the images of the violence across the country and get people talking about it. 
We traveled the country and showed the images, and this was a journey that has started me to the activist path, where I decided to become silent no more, to talk about those things. 
We traveled, and our general site from our street exhibit became for political graffiti about the situation in the country, talking about corruption, bad leadership. 
We have even done symbolic burials. 
We have delivered live pigs to Kenya's parliament as a symbol of our politicians' greed. 
It has been done in Uganda and other countries, and what is most powerful is that the images have been picked by the media and amplified across the country, across the continent. 
Where I used to stand up alone seven years ago, now I belong to a community of many people who stand up with me. 
I am no longer alone when I stand up to speak about these things. 
I belong to a group of young people who are passionate about the country, who want to bring about change, and they're no longer afraid, and they're no longer smart cowards. 
So that was my story. 
That day in the stadium, I stood up as a smart coward. 
By that one action, I said goodbye to the 24 years living as a coward. 
There are two most powerful days in your life: the day you're born, and the day you discover why. 
That day standing up in that stadium shouting at the President, I discovered why I was truly born, that I would no longer be silent in the face of injustice. 
Do you know why you were born? 
Thank you. 
(Applause) Tom Rielly: It's an amazing story. 
I just want to ask you a couple quick questions. 
So PAWA254: you've created a studio, a place where young people can go and harness the power of digital media to do some of this action. 
What's happening now with PAWA? 
Boniface Mwangi: So we have this community of filmmakers, graffiti artists, musicians, and when there's an issue in the country, we come together, we brainstorm, and take up on that issue. 
So our most powerful tool is art, because we live in a very busy world where people are so busy in their life, and they don't have time to read. 
So we package our activism and we package our message in art. 
So from the music, the graffiti, the art, that's what we do. 
Can I say one more thing? 
TR: Yeah, of course. (Applause) BM: In spite of being arrested, beaten up, threatened, the moment I discovered my voice, that I could actually stand up for what I really believed in, I'm no longer afraid. 
I used to be called softy, but I'm no longer softy, because I discovered who I really am, as in, that's what I want to do, and there's such beauty in doing that. 
There's nothing as powerful as that, knowing that I'm meant to do this, because you don't get scared, you just continue living your life. 
Thank you. 
(Applause) 

I'll begin today by sharing a poem written by my friend from Malawi, Eileen Piri. 
Eileen is only 13 years old, but when we were going through the collection of poetry that we wrote, I found her poem so interesting, so motivating. 
So I'll read it to you. 
She entitled her poem "I'll Marry When I Want." 
(Laughter) "I'll marry when I want. 
My mother can't force me to marry. 
My father cannot force me to marry. 
My uncle, my aunt, my brother or sister, cannot force me to marry. 
No one in the world can force me to marry. 
I'll marry when I want. 
Even if you beat me, even if you chase me away, even if you do anything bad to me, I'll marry when I want. 
I'll marry when I want, but not before I am well educated, and not before I am all grown up. 
I'll marry when I want." 
This poem might seem odd, written by a 13-year-old girl, but where I and Eileen come from, this poem, which I have just read to you, is a warrior's cry. 
I am from Malawi. 
Malawi is one of the poorest countries, very poor, where gender equality is questionable. 
Growing up in that country, I couldn't make my own choices in life. 
I couldn't even explore personal opportunities in life. 
I will tell you a story of two different girls, two beautiful girls. 
These girls grew up under the same roof. 
They were eating the same food. 
Sometimes, they would share clothes, and even shoes. 
But their lives ended up differently, in two different paths. 
The other girl is my little sister. 
My little sister was only 11 years old when she got pregnant. 
It's a hurtful thing. 
Not only did it hurt her, even me. 
I was going through a hard time as well. 
As it is in my culture, once you reach puberty stage, you are supposed to go to initiation camps. 
In these initiation camps, you are taught how to sexually please a man. 
There is this special day, which they call "Very Special Day" where a man who is hired by the community comes to the camp and sleeps with the little girls. 
Imagine the trauma that these young girls go through every day. 
Most girls end up pregnant. 
They even contract HIV and AIDS and other sexually transmitted diseases. 
For my little sister, she ended up being pregnant. 
Today, she's only 16 years old and she has three children. 
Her first marriage did not survive, nor did her second marriage. 
On the other side, there is this girl. 
She's amazing. 
(Laughter) (Applause) I call her amazing because she is. 
She's very fabulous. 
That girl is me. (Laughter) When I was 13 years old, I was told, you are grown up, you have now reached of age, you're supposed to go to the initiation camp. 
I was like, "What? 
I'm not going to go to the initiation camps." 
You know what the women said to me? 
"You are a stupid girl. Stubborn. 
You do not respect the traditions of our society, of our community." 
I said no because I knew where I was going. 
I knew what I wanted in life. 
I had a lot of dreams as a young girl. 
I wanted to get well educated, to find a decent job in the future. 
I was imagining myself as a lawyer, seated on that big chair. 
Those were the imaginations that were going through my mind every day. 
And I knew that one day, I would contribute something, a little something to my community. 
But every day after refusing, women would tell me, "Look at you, you're all grown up. Your little sister has a baby. 
What about you?" 
That was the music that I was hearing every day, and that is the music that girls hear every day when they don't do something that the community needs them to do. 
When I compared the two stories between me and my sister, I said, "Why can't I do something? 
Why can't I change something that has happened for a long time in our community?" 
That was when I called other girls just like my sister, who have children, who have been in class but they have forgotten how to read and write. 
I said, "Come on, we can remind each other how to read and write again, how to hold the pen, how to read, to hold the book." 
It was a great time I had with them. 
Nor did I just learn a little about them, but they were able to tell me their personal stories, what they were facing every day as young mothers. 
That was when I was like, 'Why can't we take all these things that are happening to us and present them and tell our mothers, our traditional leaders, that these are the wrong things?" 
It was a scary thing to do, because these traditional leaders, they are already accustomed to the things that have been there for ages. 
A hard thing to change, but a good thing to try. 
So we tried. 
It was very hard, but we pushed. 
And I'm here to say that in my community, it was the first community after girls pushed so hard to our traditional leader, and our leader stood up for us and said no girl has to be married before the age of 18. 
(Applause) In my community, that was the first time a community, they had to call the bylaws, the first bylaw that protected girls in our community. 
We did not stop there. 
We forged ahead. 
We were determined to fight for girls not just in my community, but even in other communities. 
When the child marriage bill was being presented in February, we were there at the Parliament house. 
Every day, when the members of Parliament were entering, we were telling them, "Would you please support the bill?" 
And we don't have much technology like here, but we have our small phones. 
So we said, "Why can't we get their numbers and text them?" 
So we did that. It was a good thing. 
(Applause) So when the bill passed, we texted them back, "Thank you for supporting the bill." 
(Laughter) And when the bill was signed by the president, making it into law, it was a plus. 
Now, in Malawi, 18 is the legal marriage age, from 15 to 18. 
(Applause) It's a good thing to know that the bill passed, but let me tell you this: There are countries where 18 is the legal marriage age, but don't we hear cries of women and girls every day? 
Every day, girls' lives are being wasted away. 
This is high time for leaders to honor their commitment. 
In honoring this commitment, it means keeping girls' issues at heart every time. 
We don't have to be subjected as second, but they have to know that women, as we are in this room, we are not just women, we are not just girls, we are extraordinary. 
We can do more. 
And another thing for Malawi, and not just Malawi but other countries: The laws which are there, you know how a law is not a law until it is enforced? 
The law which has just recently passed and the laws that in other countries have been there, they need to be publicized at the local level, at the community level, where girls' issues are very striking. 
Girls face issues, difficult issues, at the community level every day. 
So if these young girls know that there are laws that protect them, they will be able to stand up and defend themselves because they will know that there is a law that protects them. 
And another thing I would say is that girls' voices and women's voices are beautiful, they are there, but we cannot do this alone. 
Male advocates, they have to jump in, to step in and work together. 
It's a collective work. 
What we need is what girls elsewhere need: good education, and above all, not to marry whilst 11. 
And furthermore, I know that together, we can transform the legal, the cultural and political framework that denies girls of their rights. 
I am standing here today and declaring that we can end child marriage in a generation. 
This is the moment where a girl and a girl, and millions of girls worldwide, will be able to say, "I will marry when I want." 
(Applause) Thank you. (Applause) 

What if you could take a pill or a vaccine and, just like getting over a cold, you could heal your wounds faster? 
Today, if we have an operation or an accident, we're in the hospital for weeks, and often left with scars and painful side effects of our inability to regenerate or regrow healthy, uninjured organs. 
I work to create materials that instruct our immune system to give us the signals to grow new tissues. 
Just like vaccines instruct our body to fight disease, we could instead instruct our immune system to build tissues and more quickly heal wounds. 
Now, regrowing body parts out of nowhere might seem like magic, but there are several organisms that can achieve this feat. 
Some lizards can regrow their tails, the humble salamander can completely regenerate their arm, and even us mere humans can regrow our liver after losing more than half of its original mass. 
To make this magic a bit closer to reality, I'm investigating how our body can heal wounds and build tissue through instructions from the immune system. 
From a scrape on your knee to that annoying sinus infection, our immune system defends our body from danger. 
I'm an immunologist, and by using what I know about our body's defense system, I was able to identify key players in our fight to build back our cuts and bruises. 
When looking at materials that are currently being tested for their abilities to help regrow muscle, our team noticed that after treating an injured muscle with these materials, there was a large number of immune cells in that material and the surrounding muscle. 
So in this case, instead of the immune cells rushing off towards infection to fight bacteria, they're rushing toward an injury. 
I discovered a specific type of immune cell, the helper T cell, was present inside that material that I implanted and absolutely critical for wound healing. 
Now, just like when you were a kid and you'd break your pencil and try and tape it back together again, we can heal, but it might not be in the most functional way, and we'll get a scar. 
So if we don't have these helper T cells, instead of healthy muscle, our muscle develops fat cells inside of it, and if there's fat in our muscle, it isn't as strong. 
Now, using our immune system, our body could grow back without these scars and look like what it was before we were even injured. 
I'm working to create materials that give us the signals to build new tissue by changing the immune response. 
We know that any time a material is implanted in our body, the immune system will respond to it. 
This ranges from pacemakers to insulin pumps to the materials that engineers are using to try and build new tissue. 
So when I place that material, or scaffold, in the body, the immune system creates a small environment of cells and proteins that can change the way that our stem cells behave. 
Now, just like the weather affects our daily activities, like going for a run or staying inside and binge-watching an entire TV show on Netflix, the immune environment of a scaffold affects the way that our stem cells grow and develop. 
If we have the wrong signals, say the Netflix signals, we get fat cells instead of muscle. 
These scaffolds are made of a variety of different things, from plastics to naturally derived materials, nanofibers of varying thicknesses, sponges that are more or less porous, gels of different stiffnesses. 
And researchers can even make the materials release different signals over time. 
So in other words, we can orchestrate this Broadway show of cells by giving them the correct stage, cues and props that can be changed for different tissues, just like a producer would change the set for "Les Mis" versus "Little Shop of Horrors." 
I'm combining specific types of signals that mimic how our body responds to injury to help us regenerate. 
In the future, we could see a scar-proof band-aid, a moldable muscle filler or even a wound-healing vaccine. 
Now, we aren't going to wake up tomorrow and be able to heal like Wolverine. 
Probably not next Tuesday, either. 
But with these advances, and working with our immune system to help build tissue and heal wounds, we could begin seeing products on the market that work with our body's defense system to help us regenerate, and maybe one day be able to keep pace with a salamander. 
Thank you. 
(Applause) 

So on my way here, the passenger next to me and I had a very interesting conversation during my flight. 
He told me, "It seems like the United States has run out of jobs, because they're just making some up: cat psychologist, dog whisperer, tornado chaser." 
A couple of seconds later, he asked me, "So what do you do?" 
And I was like, "Peacebuilder?" 
(Laughter) Every day, I work to amplify the voices of women and to highlight their experiences and their participation in peace processes and conflict resolution, and because of my work, I recognize that the only way to ensure the full participation of women globally is by reclaiming religion. 
Now, this matter is vitally important to me. 
As a young Muslim woman, I am very proud of my faith. 
It gives me the strength and conviction to do my work every day. 
It's the reason I can be here in front of you. 
But I can't overlook the damage that has been done in the name of religion, not just my own, but all of the world's major faiths. 
The misrepresentation and misuse and manipulation of religious scripture has influenced our social and cultural norms, our laws, our daily lives, to a point where we sometimes don't recognize it. 
My parents moved from Libya, North Africa, to Canada in the early 1980s, and I am the middle child of 11 children. 
Yes, 11. 
But growing up, I saw my parents, both religiously devout and spiritual people, pray and praise God for their blessings, namely me of course, but among others. (Laughter) They were kind and funny and patient, limitlessly patient, the kind of patience that having 11 kids forces you to have. 
And they were fair. 
I was never subjected to religion through a cultural lens. 
I was treated the same, the same was expected of me. 
I was never taught that God judged differently based on gender. 
And my parents' understanding of God as a merciful and beneficial friend and provider shaped the way I looked at the world. 
Now, of course, my upbringing had additional benefits. 
Being one of 11 children is Diplomacy 101. (Laughter) To this day, I am asked where I went to school, like, "Did you go to Kennedy School of Government?" 
and I look at them and I'm like, "No, I went to the Murabit School of International Affairs." 
It's extremely exclusive. You would have to talk to my mom to get in. 
Lucky for you, she's here. 
But being one of 11 children and having 10 siblings teaches you a lot about power structures and alliances. 
It teaches you focus; you have to talk fast or say less, because you will always get cut off. 
It teaches you the importance of messaging. 
You have to ask questions in the right way to get the answers you know you want, and you have to say no in the right way to keep the peace. 
But the most important lesson I learned growing up was the importance of being at the table. 
When my mom's favorite lamp broke, I had to be there when she was trying to find out how and by who, because I had to defend myself, because if you're not, then the finger is pointed at you, and before you know it, you will be grounded. 
I am not speaking from experience, of course. 
When I was 15 in 2005, I completed high school and I moved from Canada -- Saskatoon -- to Zawiya, my parents' hometown in Libya, a very traditional city. 
Mind you, I had only ever been to Libya before on vacation, and as a seven-year-old girl, it was magic. 
It was ice cream and trips to the beach and really excited relatives. 
Turns out it's not the same as a 15-year-old young lady. 
I very quickly became introduced to the cultural aspect of religion. 
The words "haram" -- meaning religiously prohibited -- and "aib" -- meaning culturally inappropriate -- were exchanged carelessly, as if they meant the same thing and had the same consequences. 
And I found myself in conversation after conversation with classmates and colleagues, professors, friends, even relatives, beginning to question my own role and my own aspirations. 
And even with the foundation my parents had provided for me, I found myself questioning the role of women in my faith. 
So at the Murabit School of International Affairs, we go very heavy on the debate, and rule number one is do your research, so that's what I did, and it surprised me how easy it was to find women in my faith who were leaders, who were innovative, who were strong -- politically, economically, even militarily. 
Khadija financed the Islamic movement in its infancy. 
We wouldn't be here if it weren't for her. 
So why weren't we learning about her? 
Why weren't we learning about these women? 
Why were women being relegated to positions which predated the teachings of our faith? 
And why, if we are equal in the eyes of God, are we not equal in the eyes of men? 
To me, it all came back to the lessons I had learned as a child. 
The decision maker, the person who gets to control the message, is sitting at the table, and unfortunately, in every single world faith, they are not women. 
Religious institutions are dominated by men and driven by male leadership, and they create policies in their likeness, and until we can change the system entirely, then we can't realistically expect to have full economic and political participation of women. 
Our foundation is broken. 
My mom actually says, you can't build a straight house on a crooked foundation. 
In 2011, the Libyan revolution broke out, and my family was on the front lines. 
And there's this amazing thing that happens in war, a cultural shift almost, very temporary. 
And it was the first time that I felt it was not only acceptable for me to be involved, but it was encouraged. 
It was demanded. 
Myself and other women had a seat at the table. 
We weren't holding hands or a medium. 
We were part of decision making. 
We were information sharing. We were crucial. 
And I wanted and needed for that change to be permanent. 
Turns out, that's not that easy. 
It only took a few weeks before the women that I had previously worked with were returning back to their previous roles, and most of them were driven by words of encouragement from religious and political leaders, most of whom cited religious scripture as their defense. 
It's how they gained popular support for their opinions. 
So initially, I focused on the economic and political empowerment of women. 
I thought that would lead to cultural and social change. 
It turns out, it does a little, but not a lot. 
I decided to use their defense as my offense, and I began to cite and highlight Islamic scripture as well. 
In 2012 and 2013, my organization led the single largest and most widespread campaign in Libya. 
We entered homes and schools and universities, even mosques. 
We spoke to 50,000 people directly, and hundreds of thousands more through billboards and television commercials, radio commercials and posters. 
And you're probably wondering how a women's rights organization was able to do this in communities which had previously opposed our sheer existence. 
I used scripture. 
I used verses from the Quran and sayings of the Prophet, Hadiths, his sayings which are, for example, "The best of you is the best to their family." 
"Do not let your brother oppress another." 
For the first time, Friday sermons led by local community imams promoted the rights of women. 
They discussed taboo issues, like domestic violence. 
Policies were changed. 
In certain communities, we actually had to go as far as saying the International Human Rights Declaration, which you opposed because it wasn't written by religious scholars, well, those same principles are in our book. 
So really, the United Nations just copied us. 
By changing the message, we were able to provide an alternative narrative which promoted the rights of women in Libya. 
It's something that has now been replicated internationally, and while I am not saying it's easy -- believe me, it's not. 
Liberals will say you're using religion and call you a bad conservative. 
Conservatives will call you a lot of colorful things. 
I've heard everything from, "Your parents must be extremely ashamed of you" -- false; they're my biggest fans -- to "You will not make it to your next birthday" -- again wrong, because I did. 
And I remain a very strong believer that women's rights and religion are not mutually exclusive. 
But we have to be at the table. 
We have to stop giving up our position, because by remaining silent, we allow for the continued persecution and abuse of women worldwide. 
By saying that we're going to fight for women's rights and fight extremism with bombs and warfare, we completely cripple local societies which need to address these issues so that they're sustainable. 
It is not easy, challenging distorted religious messaging. 
You will have your fair share of insults and ridicule and threats. 
But we have to do it. 
We have no other option than to reclaim the message of human rights, the principles of our faith, not for us, not for the women in your families, not for the women in this room, not even for the women out there, but for societies that would be transformed with the participation of women. 
And the only way we can do that, our only option, is to be, and remain, at the table. 
Thank you. 

Today, I want to talk to you about dreams. 
I have been a lucid dreamer my whole life, and it's cooler than in the movies. 
(Laughter) Beyond flying, breathing fire, and making hot men spontaneously appear ... 
(Laughter) I can do things like read and write music. 
Fun fact is that I wrote my personal statement to college in a dream. 
And I did accepted. So, yeah. 
I am a very visual thinker. 
I think in pictures, not words. 
To me, words are more like instincts and language. 
There are many people like me; Nikola Tesla, for example, who could visualize, design, test, and troubleshoot everything -- all of his inventions -- in his mind, accurately. 
Language is kind of exclusive to our species, anyway. 
I am a bit more primitive, like a beta version of Google Translate. 
(Laughter) My brain has the ability to hyper-focus on things that interest me. 
For example, once I had an affair with calculus that lasted longer than some celebrity marriages. 
(Laughter) There are some other unusual things about me. 
You may have noticed that I don't have much inflection in my voice. 
That's why people often confuse me with a GPS. 
(Laughter) This can make basic communication a challenge, unless you need directions. 
(Laughter) Thank you. 
(Applause) A few years ago, when I started doing presentations, I went to get head shots done for the first time. 
The photographer told me to look flirty. 
(Laughter) And I had no idea what she was talking about. 
(Laughter) She said, "Do that thing, you know, with your eyes, when you're flirting with guys." 
"What thing?" I asked. 
"You know, squint." 
And so I tried, really. 
It looked something like this. 
(Laughter) I looked like I was searching for Waldo. 
(Laughter) There's a reason for this, as there is a reason that Waldo is hiding. 
(Laughter) I have Asperger's, a high-functioning form of autism that impairs the basic social skills one is expected to display. 
It's made life difficult in many ways, and growing up, I struggled to fit in socially. 
My friends would tell jokes, but I didn't understand them. 
My personal heroes were George Carlin and Stephen Colbert -- and they taught me humor. 
My personality switched from being shy and awkward to being defiant and cursing out a storm. 
Needless to say, I did not have many friends. 
I was also hypersensitive to texture. 
The feel of water on my skin was like pins and needles, and so for years, I refused to shower. 
I can assure you that my hygiene routine is up to standards now, though. 
(Laughter) I had to do a lot to get here, and my parents -- things kind of got out of control when I was sexually assaulted by a peer, and on top of everything, it made a difficult situation worse. 
And I had to travel 2,000 miles across the country to get treatment, but within days of them prescribing a new medication, my life turned into an episode of the Walking Dead. 
I became paranoid, and began to hallucinate that rotting corpses were coming towards me. 
My family finally rescued me, but by that time, I had lost 19 pounds in those three weeks, as well as developing severe anemia, and was on the verge of suicide. 
I transferred to a new treatment center that understood my aversions, my trauma, and my social anxiety, and they knew how to treat it, and I got the help I finally needed. 
And after 18 months of hard work, I went on to do incredible things. 
One of the things with Asperger's is that oftentimes, these people have a very complex inner life, and I know for myself, I have a very colorful personality, rich ideas, and just a lot going on in my mind. 
But there's a gap between where that stands, and how I communicate it with the rest of the world. 
And this can make basic communication a challenge. 
Not many places would hire me, due to my lack of social skills, which is why I applied to Waffle House. 
(Laughter) Waffle House is an exceptional 24-hour diner -- (Laughter) (Applause) thank you -- where you can order your hash browns the many ways that someone would dispose of a human corpse ... 
(Laughter) Sliced, diced, peppered, chunked, topped, capped, and covered. 
(Laughter) As social norms would have it, you should only go to Waffle House at an ungodly hour in the night. 
(Laughter) So one time, at 2 am, I was chatting with a waitress, and I asked her, "What's the most ridiculous thing that's happened to you on the job?" 
And she told me that one time, a man walked in completely naked. 
(Laughter) I said, "Great! Sign me up for the graveyard shift!" 
(Laughter) Needless to say, Waffle House did not hire me. 
So in terms of having Asperger's, it can be viewed as a disadvantage, and sometimes it is a real pain in the butt, but it's also the opposite. 
It's a gift, and it allows me to think innovatively. 
At 19, I won a research competition for my research on coral reefs, and I ended up speaking at the UN Convention of Biological Diversity, presenting this research. 
(Applause) Thank you. 
(Applause) And at 22, I'm getting ready to graduate college, and I am a co-founder of a biotech company called AutismSees. 
(Applause) Thank you. 
(Applause) But consider what I had to do to get here: 25 therapists, 11 misdiagnoses, and years of pain and trauma. 
I spent a lot of time thinking if there's a better way, and I think there is: autism-assistive technology. 
This technology could play an integral role in helping people with autistic spectrum disorder, or ASD. 
The app Podium, released by my company, AutismSees, has the ability to independently assess and help develop communication skills. 
In addition to this, it tracks eye contact through camera and simulates a public-speaking and job-interview experience. 
And so maybe one day, Waffle House will hire me, after practicing on it some more. 
(Laughter) And one of the great things is that I've used Podium to help me prepare for today, and it's been a great help. 
But it's more than that. 
There's more that can be done. 
For people with ASD -- it has been speculated that many innovative scientists, researchers, artists, and engineers have it; like, for example, Emily Dickinson, Jane Austen, Isaac Newton, and Bill Gates are some examples. 
But the problem that's encountered is that these brilliant ideas often can't be shared if there are communication roadblocks. 
And so, many people with autism are being overlooked every day, and they're being taken advantage of. 
So my dream for people with autism is to change that, to remove the roadblocks that prevent them from succeeding. 
One of the reasons I love lucid dreaming is because it allows me to be free, without judgment of social and physical consequences. 
When I'm flying over scenes that I create in my mind, I am at peace. 
I am free from judgment, and so I can do whatever I want, you know? 
I'm making out with Brad Pitt, and Angelina is totally cool with it. 
(Laughter) But the goal of autism-assistive technology is bigger than that, and more important. 
My goal is to shift people's perspective of autism and people with higher-functioning Asperger's because there is a lot they can do. 
I mean, look at Temple Grandin, for example. 
And by doing so, we allow people to share their talents with this world and move this world forward. 
In addition, we give them the courage to pursue their dreams in the real world, in real time. 
Thank you. 
(Applause) Thank you. 
(Applause) 

I have given the slide show that I gave here two years ago about 2,000 times. 
I'm giving a short slide show this morning that I'm giving for the very first time, so -- well it's -- I don't want or need to raise the bar, I'm actually trying to lower the bar. 
Because I've cobbled this together to try to meet the challenge of this session. 
And I was reminded by Karen Armstrong's fantastic presentation that religion really properly understood is not about belief, but about behavior. 
Perhaps we should say the same thing about optimism. 
How dare we be optimistic? 
Optimism is sometimes characterized as a belief, an intellectual posture. 
As Mahatma Gandhi famously said, "You must become the change you wish to see in the world." 
And the outcome about which we wish to be optimistic is not going to be created by the belief alone, except to the extent that the belief brings about new behavior. But the word "behavior" is also, I think, sometimes misunderstood in this context. 
I'm a big advocate of changing the lightbulbs and buying hybrids, and Tipper and I put 33 solar panels on our house, and dug the geothermal wells, and did all of that other stuff. 
But, as important as it is to change the lightbulbs, it is more important to change the laws. 
And when we change our behavior in our daily lives, we sometimes leave out the citizenship part and the democracy part. In order to be optimistic about this, we have to become incredibly active as citizens in our democracy. 
In order to solve the climate crisis, we have to solve the democracy crisis. 
And we have one. 
I have been trying to tell this story for a long time. 
I was reminded of that recently, by a woman who walked past the table I was sitting at, just staring at me as she walked past. She was in her 70s, looked like she had a kind face. I thought nothing of it until I saw from the corner of my eye she was walking from the opposite direction, also just staring at me. And so I said, "How do you do?" 
And she said, "You know, if you dyed your hair black, you would look just like Al Gore." (Laughter) Many years ago, when I was a young congressman, I spent an awful lot of time dealing with the challenge of nuclear arms control -- the nuclear arms race. 
And the military historians taught me, during that quest, that military conflicts are typically put into three categories: local battles, regional or theater wars, and the rare but all-important global, world war -- strategic conflicts. 
And each level of conflict requires a different allocation of resources, a different approach, a different organizational model. 
Environmental challenges fall into the same three categories, and most of what we think about are local environmental problems: air pollution, water pollution, hazardous waste dumps. But there are also regional environmental problems, like acid rain from the Midwest to the Northeast, and from Western Europe to the Arctic, and from the Midwest out the Mississippi into the dead zone of the Gulf of Mexico. 
And there are lots of those. But the climate crisis is the rare but all-important global, or strategic, conflict. 
Everything is affected. And we have to organize our response appropriately. We need a worldwide, global mobilization for renewable energy, conservation, efficiency and a global transition to a low-carbon economy. 
We have work to do. And we can mobilize resources and political will. But the political will has to be mobilized, in order to mobilize the resources. 
Let me show you these slides here. 
I thought I would start with the logo. What's missing here, of course, is the North Polar ice cap. 
Greenland remains. Twenty-eight years ago, this is what the polar ice cap -- the North Polar ice cap -- looked like at the end of the summer, at the fall equinox. 
This last fall, I went to the Snow and Ice Data Center in Boulder, Colorado, and talked to the researchers here in Monterey at the Naval Postgraduate Laboratory. 
This is what's happened in the last 28 years. 
To put it in perspective, 2005 was the previous record. 
Here's what happened last fall that has really unnerved the researchers. 
The North Polar ice cap is the same size geographically -- doesn't look quite the same size -- but it is exactly the same size as the United States, minus an area roughly equal to the state of Arizona. 
The amount that disappeared in 2005 was equivalent to everything east of the Mississippi. 
The extra amount that disappeared last fall was equivalent to this much. It comes back in the winter, but not as permanent ice, as thin ice -- vulnerable. The amount remaining could be completely gone in summer in as little as five years. 
That puts a lot of pressure on Greenland. 
Already, around the Arctic Circle -- this is a famous village in Alaska. This is a town in Newfoundland. Antarctica. Latest studies from NASA. 
The amount of a moderate-to-severe snow melting of an area equivalent to the size of California. 
"They were the best of times, they were the worst of times": the most famous opening sentence in English literature. I want to share briefly a tale of two planets. Earth and Venus are exactly the same size. Earth's diameter is about 400 kilometers larger, but essentially the same size. 
They have exactly the same amount of carbon. 
But the difference is, on Earth, most of the carbon has been leeched over time out of the atmosphere, deposited in the ground as coal, oil, natural gas, etc. On Venus, most of it is in the atmosphere. The difference is that our temperature is 59 degrees on average. On Venus, it's 855. This is relevant to our current strategy of taking as much carbon out of the ground as quickly as possible, and putting it into the atmosphere. 
It's not because Venus is slightly closer to the Sun. 
It's three times hotter than Mercury, which is right next to the Sun. Now, briefly, here's an image you've seen, as one of the only old images, but I show it because I want to briefly give you CSI: Climate. 
The global scientific community says: man-made global warming pollution, put into the atmosphere, thickening this, is trapping more of the outgoing infrared. 
You all know that. At the last IPCC summary, the scientists wanted to say, "How certain are you?" They wanted to answer that "99 percent." 
The Chinese objected, and so the compromise was "more than 90 percent." 
Now, the skeptics say, "Oh, wait a minute, this could be variations in this energy coming in from the sun." If that were true, the stratosphere would be heated as well as the lower atmosphere, if it's more coming in. 
If it's more being trapped on the way out, then you would expect it to be warmer here and cooler here. Here is the lower atmosphere. 
Here's the stratosphere: cooler. 
CSI: Climate. 
Now, here's the good news. Sixty-eight percent of Americans now believe that human activity is responsible for global warming. Sixty-nine percent believe that the Earth is heating up in a significant way. There has been progress, but here is the key: when given a list of challenges to confront, global warming is still listed at near the bottom. 
What is missing is a sense of urgency. 
If you agree with the factual analysis, but you don't feel the sense of urgency, where does that leave you? 
Well, the Alliance for Climate Protection, which I head in conjunction with Current TV -- who did this pro bono -- did a worldwide contest to do commercials on how to communicate this. 
This is the winner. 
NBC -- I'll show all of the networks here -- the top journalists for NBC asked 956 questions in 2007 of the presidential candidates: two of them were about the climate crisis. ABC: 844 questions, two about the climate crisis. 
Fox: two. CNN: two. CBS: zero. 
From laughs to tears -- this is one of the older tobacco commercials. 
So here's what we're doing. 
This is gasoline consumption in all of these countries. And us. 
But it's not just the developed nations. 
The developing countries are now following us and accelerating their pace. And actually, their cumulative emissions this year are the equivalent to where we were in 1965. And they're catching up very dramatically. The total concentrations: by 2025, they will be essentially where we were in 1985. 
If the wealthy countries were completely missing from the picture, we would still have this crisis. 
But we have given to the developing countries the technologies and the ways of thinking that are creating the crisis. This is in Bolivia -- over thirty years. 
This is peak fishing in a few seconds. The '60s. 
'70s. '80s. '90s. We have to stop this. And the good news is that we can. 
We have the technologies. 
We have to have a unified view of how to go about this: the struggle against poverty in the world and the challenge of cutting wealthy country emissions, all has a single, very simple solution. 
People say, "What's the solution?" Here it is. 
Put a price on carbon. We need a CO2 tax, revenue neutral, to replace taxation on employment, which was invented by Bismarck -- and some things have changed since the 19th century. 
In the poor world, we have to integrate the responses to poverty with the solutions to the climate crisis. 
Plans to fight poverty in Uganda are mooted, if we do not solve the climate crisis. 
But responses can actually make a huge difference in the poor countries. This is a proposal that has been talked about a lot in Europe. 
This was from Nature magazine. These are concentrating solar, renewable energy plants, linked in a so-called "supergrid" to supply all of the electrical power to Europe, largely from developing countries -- high-voltage DC currents. 
This is not pie in the sky; this can be done. 
We need to do it for our own economy. 
The latest figures show that the old model is not working. There are a lot of great investments that you can make. If you are investing in tar sands or shale oil, then you have a portfolio that is crammed with sub-prime carbon assets. 
And it is based on an old model. 
Junkies find veins in their toes when the ones in their arms and their legs collapse. Developing tar sands and coal shale is the equivalent. Here are just a few of the investments that I personally think make sense. 
I have a stake in these, so I'll have a disclaimer there. 
But geothermal, concentrating solar, advanced photovoltaics, efficiency and conservation. 
You've seen this slide before, but there's a change. 
The only two countries that didn't ratify -- and now there's only one. Australia had an election. 
And there was a campaign in Australia that involved television and Internet and radio commercials to lift the sense of urgency for the people there. 
And we trained 250 people to give the slide show in every town and village and city in Australia. 
Lot of other things contributed to it, but the new Prime Minister announced that his very first priority would be to change Australia's position on Kyoto, and he has. Now, they came to an awareness partly because of the horrible drought that they have had. 
This is Lake Lanier. My friend Heidi Cullen said that if we gave droughts names the way we give hurricanes names, we'd call the one in the southeast now Katrina, and we would say it's headed toward Atlanta. 
We can't wait for the kind of drought Australia had to change our political culture. 
Here's more good news. The cities supporting Kyoto in the U.S. 
are up to 780 -- and I thought I saw one go by there, just to localize this -- which is good news. 
Now, to close, we heard a couple of days ago about the value of making individual heroism so commonplace that it becomes banal or routine. 
What we need is another hero generation. Those of us who are alive in the United States of America today especially, but also the rest of the world, have to somehow understand that history has presented us with a choice -- just as Jill [Bolte] Taylor was figuring out how to save her life while she was distracted by the amazing experience that she was going through. 
We now have a culture of distraction. 
But we have a planetary emergency. 
And we have to find a way to create, in the generation of those alive today, a sense of generational mission. 
I wish I could find the words to convey this. 
This was another hero generation that brought democracy to the planet. 
Another that ended slavery. And that gave women the right to vote. 
We can do this. Don't tell me that we don't have the capacity to do it. 
If we had just one week's worth of what we spend on the Iraq War, we could be well on the way to solving this challenge. 
We have the capacity to do it. 
One final point: I'm optimistic, because I believe we have the capacity, at moments of great challenge, to set aside the causes of distraction and rise to the challenge that history is presenting to us. 
Sometimes I hear people respond to the disturbing facts of the climate crisis by saying, "Oh, this is so terrible. 
What a burden we have." I would like to ask you to reframe that. How many generations in all of human history have had the opportunity to rise to a challenge that is worthy of our best efforts? 
A challenge that can pull from us more than we knew we could do? I think we ought to approach this challenge with a sense of profound joy and gratitude that we are the generation about which, a thousand years from now, philharmonic orchestras and poets and singers will celebrate by saying, they were the ones that found it within themselves to solve this crisis and lay the basis for a bright and optimistic human future. 
Let's do that. Thank you very much. 
Chris Anderson: For so many people at TED, there is deep pain that basically a design issue on a voting form -- one bad design issue meant that your voice wasn't being heard like that in the last eight years in a position where you could make these things come true. 
That hurts. 
Al Gore: You have no idea. (Laughter) CA: When you look at what the leading candidates in your own party are doing now -- I mean, there's -- are you excited by their plans on global warming? 
AG: The answer to the question is hard for me because, on the one hand, I think that we should feel really great about the fact that the Republican nominee -- certain nominee -- John McCain, and both of the finalists for the Democratic nomination -- all three have a very different and forward-leaning position on the climate crisis. All three have offered leadership, and all three are very different from the approach taken by the current administration. And I think that all three have also been responsible in putting forward plans and proposals. But the campaign dialogue that -- as illustrated by the questions -- that was put together by the League of Conservation Voters, by the way, the analysis of all the questions -- and, by the way, the debates have all been sponsored by something that goes by the Orwellian label, "Clean Coal." Has anybody noticed that? 
Every single debate has been sponsored by "Clean Coal." 
"Now, even lower emissions!" 
The richness and fullness of the dialogue in our democracy has not laid the basis for the kind of bold initiative that is really needed. 
So they're saying the right things and they may -- whichever of them is elected -- may do the right thing, but let me tell you: when I came back from Kyoto in 1997, with a feeling of great happiness that we'd gotten that breakthrough there, and then confronted the United States Senate, only one out of 100 senators was willing to vote to confirm, to ratify that treaty. Whatever the candidates say has to be laid alongside what the people say. 
This challenge is part of the fabric of our whole civilization. 
CO2 is the exhaling breath of our civilization, literally. 
And now we mechanized that process. Changing that pattern requires a scope, a scale, a speed of change that is beyond what we have done in the past. 
So that's why I began by saying, be optimistic in what you do, but be an active citizen. 
Demand -- change the light bulbs, but change the laws. Change the global treaties. 
We have to speak up. We have to solve this democracy -- this -- We have sclerosis in our democracy. And we have to change that. 
Use the Internet. Go on the Internet. 
Connect with people. Become very active as citizens. 
Have a moratorium -- we shouldn't have any new coal-fired generating plants that aren't able to capture and store CO2, which means we have to quickly build these renewable sources. 
Now, nobody is talking on that scale. But I do believe that between now and November, it is possible. 
This Alliance for Climate Protection is going to launch a nationwide campaign -- grassroots mobilization, television ads, Internet ads, radio, newspaper -- with partnerships with everybody from the Girl Scouts to the hunters and fishermen. 
We need help. We need help. 
CA: In terms of your own personal role going forward, Al, is there something more than that you would like to be doing? 
AG: I have prayed that I would be able to find the answer to that question. What can I do? 
Buckminster Fuller once wrote, "If the future of all human civilization depended on me, what would I do? 
How would I be?" It does depend on all of us, but again, not just with the light bulbs. 
We, most of us here, are Americans. We have a democracy. 
We can change things, but we have to actively change. 
What's needed really is a higher level of consciousness. 
And that's hard to -- that's hard to create -- but it is coming. 
There's an old African proverb that some of you know that says, "If you want to go quickly, go alone; if you want to go far, go together." We have to go far, quickly. 
So we have to have a change in consciousness. 
A change in commitment. A new sense of urgency. 
A new appreciation for the privilege that we have of undertaking this challenge. 
CA: Al Gore, thank you so much for coming to TED. 
AG: Thank you. Thank you very much. 

There we were, souls and bodies packed into a Texas church on the last night of our lives. 
Packed into a room just like this, but with creaky wooden pews draped in worn-down red fabric, with an organ to my left and a choir at my back and a baptism pool built into the wall behind them. 
A room like this, nonetheless. 
With the same great feelings of suspense, the same deep hopes for salvation, the same sweat in the palms and the same people in the back not paying attention. 
(Laughter) This was December 31, 1999, the night of the Second Coming of Christ, and the end of the world as I knew it. 
I had turned 12 that year and had reached the age of accountability. 
And once I stopped complaining about how unfair it was that Jesus would return as soon as I had to be accountable for all that I had done, I figured I had better get my house in order very quickly. 
So I went to church as often as I could. 
I listened for silence as anxiously as one might listen for noise, trying to be sure that the Lord hadn't pulled a fast one on me and decided to come back early. 
And just in case he did, I built a backup plan, by reading the "Left Behind" books that were all the rage at the time. 
And I found in their pages that if I was not taken in the rapture at midnight, I had another shot. 
All I had to do was avoid taking the mark of the beast, fight off demons, plagues and the Antichrist himself. 
It would be hard -- (Laughter) but I knew I could do it. 
(Laughter) But planning time was over now. 
It was 11:50pm. 
We had 10 minutes left, and my pastor called us out of the pews and down to the altar because he wanted to be praying when midnight struck. 
So every faction of the congregation took its place. 
The choir stayed in the choir stand, the deacons and their wives -- or the Baptist Bourgeoisie as I like to call them -- (Laughter) took first position in front of the altar. 
You see, in America, even the Second Coming of Christ has a VIP section. 
(Laughter) (Applause) And right behind the Baptist Bourgeoisie were the elderly -- these men and women whose young backs had been bent under hot suns in the cotton fields of East Texas, and whose skin seemed to be burnt a creaseless noble brown, just like the clay of East Texas, and whose hopes and dreams for what life might become outside of East Texas had sometimes been bent and broken even further than their backs. 
Yes, these men and women were the stars of the show for me. 
They had waited their whole lives for this moment, just as their medieval predecessors had longed for the end of the world, and just as my grandmother waited for the Oprah Winfrey Show to come on Channel 8 every day at 4 o'clock. 
And as she made her way to the altar, I snuck right in behind her, because I knew for sure that my grandmother was going to heaven. 
And I thought that if I held on to her hand during this prayer, I might go right on with her. 
So I held on and I closed my eyes to listen, to wait. 
And the prayers got louder. 
And the shouts of response to the call of the prayer went up higher even still. 
And the organ rolled on in to add the dirge. 
And the heat came on to add to the sweat. 
And my hand gripped firmer, so I wouldn't be the one left in the field. 
My eyes clenched tighter so I wouldn't see the wheat being separated from the chaff. 
And then a voice rang out above us: "Amen." 
It was over. 
I looked at the clock. 
It was after midnight. 
I looked at the elder believers whose savior had not come, who were too proud to show any signs of disappointment, who had believed too much and for too long to start doubting now. 
But I was upset on their behalf. 
They had been duped, hoodwinked, bamboozled, and I had gone right along with them. 
I had prayed their prayers, I had yielded not to temptation as best I could. 
I had dipped my head not once, but twice in that snot-inducing baptism pool. 
I had believed. 
Now what? 
I got home just in time to turn on the television and watch Peter Jennings announce the new millennium as it rolled in around the world. 
It struck me that it would have been strange anyway, for Jesus to come back again and again based on the different time zones. 
(Laughter) And this made me feel even more ridiculous -- hurt, really. 
But there on that night, I did not stop believing. 
I just believed a new thing: that it was possible not to believe. 
It was possible the answers I had were wrong, that the questions themselves were wrong. 
And now, where there was once a mountain of certitude, there was, running right down to its foundation, a spring of doubt, a spring that promised rivers. 
I can trace the whole drama of my life back to that night in that church when my savior did not come for me; when the thing I believed most certainly turned out to be, if not a lie, then not quite the truth. 
And even though most of you prepared for Y2K in a very different way, I'm convinced that you are here because some part of you has done the same thing that I have done since the dawn of this new century, since my mother left and my father stayed away and my Lord refused to come. 
And I held out my hand, reaching for something to believe in. 
I held on when I arrived at Yale at 18, with the faith that my journey from Oak Cliff, Texas was a chance to leave behind all the challenges I had known, the broken dreams and broken bodies I had seen. 
But when I found myself back home one winter break, with my face planted in the floor, my hands tied behind my back and a burglar's gun pressed to my head, I knew that even the best education couldn't save me. 
I held on when I showed up at Lehman Brothers as an intern in 2008. 
(Laughter) So hopeful -- (Laughter) that I called home to inform my family that we'd never be poor again. 
(Laughter) But as I witnessed this temple of finance come crashing down before my eyes, I knew that even the best job couldn't save me. 
I held on when I showed up in Washington DC as a young staffer, who had heard a voice call out from Illinois, saying, "It's been a long time coming, but in this election, change has come to America." 
But as the Congress ground to a halt and the country ripped at the seams and hope and change began to feel like a cruel joke, I knew that even the political second coming could not save me. 
I had knelt faithfully at the altar of the American Dream, praying to the gods of my time of success, and money, and power. 
But over and over again, midnight struck, and I opened my eyes to see that all of these gods were dead. 
And from that graveyard, I began the search once more, not because I was brave, but because I knew that I would either believe or I would die. 
So I took a pilgrimage to yet another mecca, Harvard Business School -- (Laughter) this time, knowing that I could not simply accept the salvation that it claimed to offer. 
No, I knew there'd be more work to do. 
The work began in the dark corner of a crowded party, in the late night of an early, miserable Cambridge winter, when three friends and I asked a question that young folks searching for something real have asked for a very long time: "What if we took a road trip?" 
(Laughter) We didn't know where'd we go or how we'd get there, but we knew we had to do it. 
Because all our lives we yearned, as Jack Kerouac wrote, to "sneak out into the night and disappear somewhere," and go find out what everybody was doing all over the country. 
So even though there were other voices who said that the risk was too great and the proof too thin, we went on anyhow. 
We went on 8,000 miles across America in the summer of 2013, through the cow pastures of Montana, through the desolation of Detroit, through the swamps of New Orleans, where we found and worked with men and women who were building small businesses that made purpose their bottom line. 
And having been trained at the West Point of capitalism, this struck us as a revolutionary idea. 
(Laughter) And this idea spread, growing into a nonprofit called MBAs Across America, a movement that landed me here on this stage today. 
It spread because we found a great hunger in our generation for purpose, for meaning. 
It spread because we found countless entrepreneurs in the nooks and crannies of America who were creating jobs and changing lives and who needed a little help. 
But if I'm being honest, it also spread because I fought to spread it. 
There was no length to which I would not go to preach this gospel, to get more people to believe that we could bind the wounds of a broken country, one social business at a time. 
But it was this journey of evangelism that led me to the rather different gospel that I've come to share with you today. 
It began one evening almost a year ago at the Museum of Natural History in New York City, at a gala for alumni of Harvard Business School. 
Under a full-size replica of a whale, I sat with the titans of our time as they celebrated their peers and their good deeds. 
There was pride in a room where net worth and assets under management surpassed half a trillion dollars. 
We looked over all that we had made, and it was good. 
(Laughter) But it just so happened, two days later, I had to travel up the road to Harlem, where I found myself sitting in an urban farm that had once been a vacant lot, listening to a man named Tony tell me of the kids that showed up there every day. 
All of them lived below the poverty line. 
Many of them carried all of their belongings in a backpack to avoid losing them in a homeless shelter. 
Some of them came to Tony's program, called Harlem Grown, to get the only meal they had each day. 
Tony told me that he started Harlem Grown with money from his pension, after 20 years as a cab driver. 
He told me that he didn't give himself a salary, because despite success, the program struggled for resources. 
He told me that he would take any help that he could get. 
And I was there as that help. 
But as I left Tony, I felt the sting and salt of tears welling up in my eyes. 
I felt the weight of revelation that I could sit in one room on one night, where a few hundred people had half a trillion dollars, and another room, two days later, just 50 blocks up the road, where a man was going without a salary to get a child her only meal of the day. 
And it wasn't the glaring inequality that made me want to cry, it wasn't the thought of hungry, homeless kids, it wasn't rage toward the one percent or pity toward the 99. 
No, I was disturbed because I had finally realized that I was the dialysis for a country that needed a kidney transplant. 
I realized that my story stood in for all those who were expected to pick themselves up by their bootstraps, even if they didn't have any boots; that my organization stood in for all the structural, systemic help that never went to Harlem or Appalachia or the Lower 9th Ward; that my voice stood in for all those voices that seemed too unlearned, too unwashed, too unaccommodated. 
And the shame of that, that shame washed over me like the shame of sitting in front of the television, watching Peter Jennings announce the new millennium again and again and again. 
I had been duped, hoodwinked, bamboozled. 
But this time, the false savior was me. 
You see, I've come a long way from that altar on the night I thought the world would end, from a world where people spoke in tongues and saw suffering as a necessary act of God and took a text to be infallible truth. 
Yes, I've come so far that I'm right back where I started. 
Because it simply is not true to say that we live in an age of disbelief -- no, we believe today just as much as any time that came before. 
Some of us may believe in the prophecy of Bren Brown or Tony Robbins. 
We may believe in the bible of The New Yorker or the Harvard Business Review. 
We may believe most deeply when we worship right here at the church of TED, but we desperately want to believe, we need to believe. 
We speak in the tongues of charismatic leaders that promise to solve all our problems. 
We see suffering as a necessary act of the capitalism that is our god, we take the text of technological progress to be infallible truth. 
And we hardly realize the human price we pay when we fail to question one brick, because we fear it might shake our whole foundation. 
But if you are disturbed by the unconscionable things that we have come to accept, then it must be questioning time. 
So I have not a gospel of disruption or innovation or a triple bottom line. 
I do not have a gospel of faith to share with you today, in fact. 
I have and I offer a gospel of doubt. 
The gospel of doubt does not ask that you stop believing, it asks that you believe a new thing: that it is possible not to believe. 
It is possible the answers we have are wrong, it is possible the questions themselves are wrong. 
Yes, the gospel of doubt means that it is possible that we, on this stage, in this room, are wrong. 
Because it raises the question, "Why?" 
With all the power that we hold in our hands, why are people still suffering so bad? 
This doubt leads me to share that we are putting my organization, MBAs Across America, out of business. 
We have shed our staff and closed our doors and we will share our model freely with anyone who sees their power to do this work without waiting for our permission. 
This doubt compels me to renounce the role of savior that some have placed on me, because our time is too short and our odds are too long to wait for second comings, when the truth is that there will be no miracles here. 
And this doubt, it fuels me, it gives me hope that when our troubles overwhelm us, when the paths laid out for us seem to lead to our demise, when our healers bring no comfort to our wounds, it will not be our blind faith -- no, it will be our humble doubt that shines a little light into the darkness of our lives and of our world and lets us raise our voice to whisper or to shout or to say simply, very simply, "There must be another way." 
Thank you. 
(Applause) 

There are 200 million clinical cases of falciparum malaria in Africa every year, resulting in half a million deaths. 
I would like to talk to you about malaria vaccines. 
The ones that we have made to date are simply not good enough. 
Why? 
We've been working at it for 100 plus years. 
When we started, technology was limited. 
We could see just a tiny fraction of what the parasite really looked like. 
Today, we are awash with technology, advanced imaging and omics platforms -- genomics, transcriptomics, proteomics. 
These tools have given us a clearer view of just how complex the parasite really is. 
However, in spite of this, our approach to vaccine design has remained pretty rudimentary. 
To make a good vaccine, we must go back to basics to understand how our bodies handle this complexity. 
People who are frequently infected with malaria learn to deal with it. 
They get the infection, but they don't get ill. 
The recipe is encoded in antibodies. 
My team went back to our complex parasite, probed it with samples from Africans who had overcome malaria to answer the question: "What does a successful antibody response look like?" 
We found over 200 proteins, many of which are not on the radar for malaria vaccines. 
My research community may be missing out important parts of the parasite. 
Until recently, when one had identified a protein of interest, they tested whether it might be important for a vaccine by conducting a cohort study. 
This typically involved about 300 participants in a village in Africa, whose samples were analyzed to see whether antibodies to the protein would predict who got malaria and who did not. 
In the past 30 years, these studies have tested a small number of proteins in relatively few samples and usually in single locations. 
The results have not been consistent. 
My team essentially collapsed 30 years of this type of research into one exciting experiment, conducted over just three months. 
Innovatively, we assembled 10,000 samples from 15 locations in seven African countries, spanning time, age and the variable intensity of malaria experienced in Africa. 
We used omics intelligence to prioritize our parasite proteins, synthesize them in the lab and in short, recreated the malaria parasite on a chip. 
We did this in Africa, and we're very proud of that. 
(Applause) The chip is a small glass slide, but it gives us incredible power. 
We simultaneously gathered data on over 100 antibody responses. 
What are we looking for? 
The recipe behind a successful antibody response, so that we can predict what might make a good malaria vaccine. 
We're also trying to figure out exactly what antibodies do to the parasite. 
How do they kill it? 
Do they attack from multiple angles? Is there synergy? 
How much antibody do you need? 
Our studies suggest that having a bit of one antibody won't be enough. 
It might take high concentrations of antibodies against multiple parasite proteins. 
We're also learning that antibodies kill the parasite in multiple ways, and studying any one of these in isolation may not adequately reflect reality. 
Just like we can now see the parasite in greater definition, my team and I are focused on understanding how our bodies overcome this complexity. 
We believe that this could provide the breakthroughs that we need to make malaria history through vaccination. 
Thank you. 
(Applause) (Cheers) (Applause) Shoham Arad: OK, how close are we actually to a malaria vaccine? 
Faith Osier: We're just at the beginning of a process to try and understand what we need to put in the vaccine before we actually start making it. 
So, we're not really close to the vaccine, but we're getting there. 
SA: And we're hopeful. 
FO: And we're very hopeful. 
SA: Tell me about SMART, tell me what does it stand for and why is it important to you? 
FO: So SMART stands for South-South Malaria Antigen Research Partnership. 
The South-South is referring to us in Africa, looking sideways to each other in collaboration, in contrast to always looking to America and looking to Europe, when there is quite some strength within Africa. 
So in SMART, apart from the goal that we have, to develop a malaria vaccine, we are also training African scientists, because the burden of disease in Africa is high, and you need people who will continue to push the boundaries in science, in Africa. 
SA: Yes, yes, correct. 
(Applause) OK, one last question. 
Tell me, I know you mentioned this a little bit, but how would things actually change if there were a malaria vaccine? 
FO: We would save half a million lives every year. 
Two hundred million cases. 
It's estimated that malaria costs Africa 12 billion US dollars a year. 
So this is economics. 
Africa would simply thrive. 
SA: OK. Thank you, Faith. 
Thank you so much. 
(Applause) 

Periods. 
Blood. 
Menstruation. 
Gross. 
Secret. 
Hidden. 
Why? 
A natural biological process that every girl and woman goes through every month for about half of her life. 
A phenomenon that is so significant that the survival and propagation of our species depends on it. 
Yet we consider it a taboo. 
We feel awkward and shameful talking about it. 
When I got my first periods, I was told to keep it a secret from others -- even from my father and brother. 
Later when this chapter appeared in our textbooks, our biology teacher skipped the subject. 
(Laughter) You know what I learned from it? 
I learned that it is really shameful to talk about it. 
I learned to be ashamed of my body. 
I learned to stay unaware of periods in order to stay decent. 
Research in various parts of India shows that three out of every 10 girls are not aware of menstruation at the time of their first periods. 
And in some parts of Rajasthan this number is as high as nine out of 10 girls being unaware of it. 
You'd be surprised to know that most of the girls that I have spoken to, who did not know about periods at the time of their first menstruation thought that they have got blood cancer and they're going to die soon. 
Menstrual hygiene is a very important risk factor for reproductive tract infections. 
But in India, only 12 percent of girls and women have access to hygienic ways of managing their periods. 
If you do the math, 88 percent of girls and women use unhygienic ways to manage their periods. 
I was one of them. 
I grew up in a small town called Garhwa, in Jharkhand, where even buying a sanitary napkin is considered shameful. 
So when I started getting my periods, I began with using rags. 
After every use I would wash and reuse them. 
But to store them, I would hide and keep it in a dark, damp place so that nobody finds out that I'm menstruating. 
Due to repeated washing the rags would become coarse, and I would often get rashes and infections using them. 
I wore these already for five years until I moved out of that town. 
Another issue that periods brought in my life those of the social restrictions that are imposed upon our girls and women when they're on their periods. 
I think you all must be aware of it, but I'll still list it for the few who don't. 
I was not allowed to touch or eat pickles. 
I was not allowed to sit on the sofa or some other family member's bed. 
I had to wash my bed sheet after every period, even if it was not stained. 
I was considered impure and forbidden from worshipping or touching any object of religious importance. 
You'll find signposts outside temples denying the entry of menstruating girls and women. 
Ironically, most of the time it is the older woman who imposes such restrictions on younger girls in a family. 
After all, they have grown up accepting such restrictions as norms. 
And in the absence of any intervention, it is the myth and misconception that propagate from generation to generation. 
During my years of work in this field, I have even come across stories where girls have to eat and wash their dishes separately. 
They're not allowed to take baths during periods, and in some households they are even secluded from other family members. 
About 85 percent of girls and women in India would follow one or more restrictive customs on their periods every month. 
Can you imagine what this does to the self-esteem and self-confidence of a young girl? 
The psychological trauma that this inflicts, affecting her personality, her academic performance and every single aspect of growing up during her early formative years? 
I religiously followed all these restrictive customs for 13 years, until a discussion with my partner, Tuhin, changed my perception about menstruation forever. 
In 2009, Tuhin and I were pursuing our postgraduation in design. 
We fell in love with each other and I was at ease discussing periods with him. 
Tuhin knew little about periods. 
(Laughter) He was astonished to know that girls get painful cramps and we bleed every month. 
(Laughter) Yeah. 
He was completely shocked to know about the restrictions that are imposed upon menstruating girls and women by their own families and their society. 
In order to help me with my cramps, he would go on the Internet and learn more about menstruation. 
When he shared his findings with me, I realized how little I knew about menstruation myself. 
And many of my beliefs actually turned out to be myths. 
That's when we wondered: if we, being so well educated, were so ill-informed about menstruation, there would be millions of girls out there who would be ill-informed, too. 
To study -- to understand the problem better, I undertook a year-long research to study the lack of awareness about menstruation and the root cause behind it. 
While it is generally believed that menstrual unawareness and misconception is a rural phenomenon, during my research, I found that it is as much an urban phenomenon as well. 
And it exists with the educated urban class, also. 
While talking to many parents and teachers, I found that many of them actually wanted to educate girls about periods before they have started getting their menstrual cycle. 
And -- but they lacked the proper means themselves. 
And since it is a taboo, they feel inhibition and shameful in talking about it. 
Girls nowadays get their periods in classes six and seven, but our educational curriculum teaches girls about periods only in standard eight and nine. 
And since it is a taboo, teachers still skip the subject altogether. 
So school does not teach girls about periods, parents don't talk about it. 
Where do the girls go? 
Two decades ago and now -- nothing has changed. 
I shared these finding with Tuhin and we wondered: What if we could create something that would help girls understand about menstruation on their own -- something that would help parents and teachers talk about periods comfortably to young girls? 
During my research, I was collecting a lot of stories. 
These were stories of experiences of girls during their periods. 
These stories would make girls curious and interested in talking about menstruation in their close circle. 
That's what we wanted. 
We wanted something that would make the girls curious and drive them to learn about it. 
We wanted to use these stories to teach girls about periods. 
So we decided to create a comic book, where the cartoon characters would enact these stories and educate girls about menstruation in a fun and engaging way. 
To represent girls in their different phases of puberty, we have three characters. 
Pinki, who has not gotten her period yet, Jiya who gets her period during the narrative of the book and Mira who has already been getting her period. 
There is a fourth character, Priya Didi. 
Through her, girls come to know about the various aspects of growing up and menstrual hygiene management. 
While making the book, we took great care that none of the illustrations were objectionable in any way and that it is culturally sensitive. 
During our prototype testing, we found that the girls loved the book. 
They were keen on reading it and knowing more and more about periods on their own. 
Parents and teachers were comfortable in talking about periods to young girls using the book, and sometimes even boys were interested in reading it. 
(Laughter) (Applause) The comic book helped in creating an environment where menstruation ceased to be a taboo. 
Many of the volunteers took this prototype themselves to educate girls and take menstrual awareness workshops in five different states in India. 
And one of the volunteers took this prototype to educate young monks and took it to this monastery in Ladakh. 
We made the final version of the book, called "Menstrupedia Comic" and launched in September last year. 
And so far, more than 4,000 girls have been educated by using the book in India and -- (Applause) Thank you. 
(Applause) And 10 different countries. 
We are constantly translating the book into different languages and collaborating with local organizations to make this book available in different countries. 
15 schools in different parts of India have made this book a part of their school curriculum to teach girls about menstruation. 
(Applause) I am amazed to see how volunteers, individuals, parents, teachers, school principals, have come together and taken this menstrual awareness drive to their own communities, have made sure that the girls learn about periods at the right age and helped in breaking this taboo. 
I dream of a future where menstruation is not a curse, not a disease, but a welcoming change in a girl's life. 
And I would -- (Applause) And I would like to end this with a small request to all the parents here. 
Dear parents, if you would be ashamed of periods, your daughters would be, too. 
So please be period positive. 
(Laughter) Thank you. 
(Applause) 

So this is a talk about gene drives, but I'm going to start by telling you a brief story. 
20 years ago, a biologist named Anthony James got obsessed with the idea of making mosquitos that didn't transmit malaria. 
It was a great idea, and pretty much a complete failure. 
For one thing, it turned out to be really hard to make a malaria-resistant mosquito. 
James managed it, finally, just a few years ago, by adding some genes that make it impossible for the malaria parasite to survive inside the mosquito. 
But that just created another problem. 
Now that you've got a malaria-resistant mosquito, how do you get it to replace all the malaria-carrying mosquitos? 
There are a couple options, but plan A was basically to breed up a bunch of the new genetically-engineered mosquitos release them into the wild and hope that they pass on their genes. 
The problem was that you'd have to release literally 10 times the number of native mosquitos to work. 
So in a village with 10,000 mosquitos, you release an extra 100,000. 
As you might guess, this was not a very popular strategy with the villagers. 
(Laughter) Then, last January, Anthony James got an email from a biologist named Ethan Bier. 
Bier said that he and his grad student Valentino Gantz had stumbled on a tool that could not only guarantee that a particular genetic trait would be inherited, but that it would spread incredibly quickly. 
If they were right, it would basically solve the problem that he and James had been working on for 20 years. 
As a test, they engineered two mosquitos to carry the anti-malaria gene and also this new tool, a gene drive, which I'll explain in a minute. 
Finally, they set it up so that any mosquitos that had inherited the anti-malaria gene wouldn't have the usual white eyes, but would instead have red eyes. 
That was pretty much just for convenience so they could tell just at a glance which was which. 
So they took their two anti-malarial, red-eyed mosquitos and put them in a box with 30 ordinary white-eyed ones, and let them breed. 
In two generations, those had produced 3,800 grandchildren. 
That is not the surprising part. 
This is the surprising part: given that you started with just two red-eyed mosquitos and 30 white-eyed ones, you expect mostly white-eyed descendants. 
Instead, when James opened the box, all 3,800 mosquitos had red eyes. 
When I asked Ethan Bier about this moment, he became so excited that he was literally shouting into the phone. 
That's because getting only red-eyed mosquitos violates a rule that is the absolute cornerstone of biology, Mendelian genetics. 
I'll keep this quick, but Mendelian genetics says when a male and a female mate, their baby inherits half of its DNA from each parent. 
So if our original mosquito was aa and our new mosquito is aB, where B is the anti-malarial gene, the babies should come out in four permutations: aa, aB, aa, Ba. 
Instead, with the new gene drive, they all came out aB. 
Biologically, that shouldn't even be possible. 
So what happened? 
The first thing that happened was the arrival of a gene-editing tool known as CRISPR in 2012. 
Many of you have probably heard about CRISPR, so I'll just say briefly that CRISPR is a tool that allows researchers to edit genes very precisely, easily and quickly. 
It does this by harnessing a mechanism that already existed in bacteria. 
Basically, there's a protein that acts like a scissors and cuts the DNA, and there's an RNA molecule that directs the scissors to any point on the genome you want. 
The result is basically a word processor for genes. 
You can take an entire gene out, put one in, or even edit just a single letter within a gene. 
And you can do it in nearly any species. 
OK, remember how I said that gene drives originally had two problems? 
The first was that it was hard to engineer a mosquito to be malaria-resistant. 
That's basically gone now, thanks to CRISPR. 
But the other problem was logistical. 
How do you get your trait to spread? 
This is where it gets clever. 
A couple years ago, a biologist at Harvard named Kevin Esvelt wondered what would happen if you made it so that CRISPR inserted not only your new gene but also the machinery that does the cutting and pasting. 
In other words, what if CRISPR also copied and pasted itself. 
You'd end up with a perpetual motion machine for gene editing. 
And that's exactly what happened. 
This CRISPR gene drive that Esvelt created not only guarantees that a trait will get passed on, but if it's used in the germline cells, it will automatically copy and paste your new gene into both chromosomes of every single individual. 
It's like a global search and replace, or in science terms, it makes a heterozygous trait homozygous. 
So, what does this mean? 
For one thing, it means we have a very powerful, but also somewhat alarming new tool. 
Up until now, the fact that gene drives didn't work very well was actually kind of a relief. 
Normally when we mess around with an organism's genes, we make that thing less evolutionarily fit. 
So biologists can make all the mutant fruit flies they want without worrying about it. 
If some escape, natural selection just takes care of them. 
What's remarkable and powerful and frightening about gene drives is that that will no longer be true. 
Assuming that your trait does not have a big evolutionary handicap, like a mosquito that can't fly, the CRISPR-based gene drive will spread the change relentlessly until it is in every single individual in the population. 
Now, it isn't easy to make a gene drive that works that well, but James and Esvelt think that we can. 
The good news is that this opens the door to some remarkable things. 
If you put an anti-malarial gene drive in just 1 percent of Anopheles mosquitoes, the species that transmits malaria, researchers estimate that it would spread to the entire population in a year. 
So in a year, you could virtually eliminate malaria. 
In practice, we're still a few years out from being able to do that, but still, a 1,000 children a day die of malaria. 
In a year, that number could be almost zero. 
The same goes for dengue fever, chikungunya, yellow fever. 
And it gets better. 
Say you want to get rid of an invasive species, like get Asian carp out of the Great Lakes. 
All you have to do is release a gene drive that makes the fish produce only male offspring. 
In a few generations, there'll be no females left, no more carp. 
In theory, this means we could restore hundreds of native species that have been pushed to the brink. 
OK, that's the good news, this is the bad news. 
Gene drives are so effective that even an accidental release could change an entire species, and often very quickly. 
Anthony James took good precautions. 
He bred his mosquitos in a bio-containment lab and he also used a species that's not native to the US so that even if some did escape, they'd just die off, there'd be nothing for them to mate with. 
But it's also true that if a dozen Asian carp with the all-male gene drive accidentally got carried from the Great Lakes back to Asia, they could potentially wipe out the native Asian carp population. 
And that's not so unlikely, given how connected our world is. 
In fact, it's why we have an invasive species problem. 
And that's fish. 
Things like mosquitos and fruit flies, there's literally no way to contain them. 
They cross borders and oceans all the time. 
OK, the other piece of bad news is that a gene drive might not stay confined to what we call the target species. 
That's because of gene flow, which is a fancy way of saying that neighboring species sometimes interbreed. 
If that happens, it's possible a gene drive could cross over, like Asian carp could infect some other kind of carp. 
That's not so bad if your drive just promotes a trait, like eye color. 
In fact, there's a decent chance that we'll see a wave of very weird fruit flies in the near future. 
But it could be a disaster if your drive is deigned to eliminate the species entirely. 
The last worrisome thing is that the technology to do this, to genetically engineer an organism and include a gene drive, is something that basically any lab in the world can do. 
An undergraduate can do it. 
A talented high schooler with some equipment can do it. 
Now, I'm guessing that this sounds terrifying. 
(Laughter) Interestingly though, nearly every scientist I talk to seemed to think that gene drives were not actually that frightening or dangerous. 
Partly because they believe that scientists will be very cautious and responsible about using them. 
(Laughter) So far, that's been true. 
But gene drives also have some actual limitations. 
So for one thing, they work only in sexually reproducing species. 
So thank goodness, they can't be used to engineer viruses or bacteria. 
Also, the trait spreads only with each successive generation. 
So changing or eliminating a population is practical only if that species has a fast reproductive cycle, like insects or maybe small vertebrates like mice or fish. 
In elephants or people, it would take centuries for a trait to spread widely enough to matter. 
Also, even with CRISPR, it's not that easy to engineer a truly devastating trait. 
Say you wanted to make a fruit fly that feeds on ordinary fruit instead of rotting fruit, with the aim of sabotaging American agriculture. 
First, you'd have to figure out which genes control what the fly wants to eat, which is already a very long and complicated project. 
Then you'd have to alter those genes to change the fly's behavior to whatever you'd want it to be, which is an even longer and more complicated project. 
And it might not even work, because the genes that control behavior are complex. 
So if you're a terrorist and have to choose between starting a grueling basic research program that will require years of meticulous lab work and still might not pan out, or just blowing stuff up? 
You'll probably choose the later. 
This is especially true because at least in theory, it should be pretty easy to build what's called a reversal drive. 
That's one that basically overwrites the change made by the first gene drive. 
So if you don't like the effects of a change, you can just release a second drive that will cancel it out, at least in theory. 
OK, so where does this leave us? 
We now have the ability to change entire species at will. 
Should we? 
Are we gods now? 
I'm not sure I'd say that. 
But I would say this: first, some very smart people are even now debating how to regulate gene drives. 
At the same time, some other very smart people are working hard to create safeguards, like gene drives that self-regulate or peter out after a few generations. 
That's great. 
But this technology still requires a conversation. 
And given the nature of gene drives, that conversation has to be global. 
What if Kenya wants to use a drive but Tanzania doesn't? 
Who decides whether to release a gene drive that can fly? 
I don't have the answer to that question. 
All we can do going forward, I think, is talk honestly about the risks and benefits and take responsibility for our choices. 
By that I mean, not just the choice to use a gene drive, but also the choice not to use one. 
Humans have a tendency to assume that the safest option is to preserve the status quo. 
But that's not always the case. 
Gene drives have risks, and those need to be discussed, but malaria exists now and kills 1,000 people a day. 
To combat it, we spray pesticides that do grave damage to other species, including amphibians and birds. 
So when you hear about gene drives in the coming months, and trust me, you will be hearing about them, remember that. 
It can be frightening to act, but sometimes, not acting is worse. 
(Applause) 

Hi. 
Let me ask the audience a question: Did you ever lie as a child? 
If you did, could you please raise your hand? 
Wow! This is the most honest group of people I've ever met. 
(Laughter) So for the last 20 years, I've been studying how children learn to tell lies. 
And today, I'm going to share with you some of the discoveries we have made. 
But to begin, I'm going to tell you a story from Mr. Richard Messina, who is my friend and an elementary school principal. 
He got a phone call one day. 
The caller says, "Mr. Messina, my son Johnny will not come to school today because he's sick." 
Mr. Messina asks, "Who am I speaking to, please?" 
And the caller says, "I am my father." 
(Laughter) So this story -- (Laughter) sums up very nicely three common beliefs we have about children and lying. 
One, children only come to tell lies after entering elementary school. 
Two, children are poor liars. 
We adults can easily detect their lies. 
And three, if children lie at a very young age, there must be some character flaws with them, and they are going to become pathological liars for life. 
Well, it turns out all of the three beliefs are wrong. 
We have been playing guessing games with children all over the world. 
Here is an example. 
So in this game, we asked children to guess the numbers on the cards. 
And we tell them if they win the game, they are going to get a big prize. 
But in the middle of the game, we make an excuse and leave the room. 
And before we leave the room, we tell them not to peek at the cards. 
Of course, we have hidden cameras in the room to watch their every move. 
Because the desire to win the game is so strong, more than 90 percent of children will peek as soon as we leave the room. 
(Laughter) The crucial question is: When we return and ask the children whether or not they have peeked, will the children who peeked confess or lie about their transgression? 
We found that regardless of gender, country, religion, at two years of age, 30 percent lie, 70 percent tell the truth about their transgression. 
At three years of age, 50 percent lie and 50 percent tell the truth. 
At four years of age, more than 80 percent lie. 
And after four years of age, most children lie. 
So as you can see, lying is really a typical part of development. 
And some children begin to tell lies as young as two years of age. 
So now, let's take a closer look at the younger children. 
Why do some but not all young children lie? 
In cooking, you need good ingredients to cook good food. 
And good lying requires two key ingredients. 
The first key ingredient is theory of mind, or the mind-reading ability. 
Mind reading is the ability to know that different people have different knowledge about the situation and the ability to differentiate between what I know and what you know. 
Mind reading is important for lying because the basis of lying is that I know you don't know what I know. 
Therefore, I can lie to you. 
The second key ingredient for good lying is self-control. 
It is the ability to control your speech, your facial expression and your body language, so that you can tell a convincing lie. 
And we found that those young children who have more advanced mind-reading and self-control abilities tell lies earlier and are more sophisticated liars. 
As it turns out, these two abilities are also essential for all of us to function well in our society. 
In fact, deficits in mind-reading and self-control abilities are associated with serious developmental problems, such as ADHD and autism. 
So if you discover your two-year-old is telling his or her first lie, instead of being alarmed, you should celebrate -- (Laughter) because it signals that your child has arrived at a new milestone of typical development. 
Now, are children poor liars? 
Do you think you can easily detect their lies? 
Would you like to give it a try? 
Yes? OK. 
So I'm going to show you two videos. 
In the videos, the children are going to respond to a researcher's question, "Did you peek?" 
So try to tell me which child is lying and which child is telling the truth. 
Here's child number one. 
Are you ready? 
(Video) Adult: Did you peek? Child: No. 
Kang Lee: And this is child number two. 
(Video) Adult: Did you peek? Child: No. 
KL: OK, if you think child number one is lying, please raise your hand. 
And if you think child number two is lying, please raise your hand. 
OK, so as a matter of fact, child number one is telling the truth, child number two is lying. 
Looks like many of you are terrible detectors of children's lies. 
(Laughter) Now, we have played similar kinds of games with many, many adults from all walks of life. 
And we show them many videos. 
In half of the videos, the children lied. 
In the other half of the videos, the children told the truth. 
And let's find out how these adults performed. 
Because there are as many liars as truth tellers, if you guess randomly, there's a 50 percent chance you're going to get it right. 
So if your accuracy is around 50 percent, it means you are a terrible detector of children's lies. 
So let's start with undergrads and law school students, who typically have limited experience with children. 
No, they cannot detect children's lies. 
Their performance is around chance. 
Now how about social workers and child-protection lawyers, who work with children on a daily basis? 
Can they detect children's lies? 
No, they cannot. 
(Laughter) What about judges, customs officers and police officers, who deal with liars on a daily basis? 
Can they detect children's lies? 
No, they cannot. 
What about parents? 
Can parents detect other children's lies? 
No, they cannot. 
What about, can parents detect their own children's lies? 
No, they cannot. 
(Laughter) (Applause) So now you may ask why children's lies are so difficult to detect. 
Let me illustrate this with my own son, Nathan. 
This is his facial expression when he lies. 
(Laughter) So when children lie, their facial expression is typically neutral. 
However, behind this neutral expression, the child is actually experiencing a lot of emotions, such as fear, guilt, shame and maybe a little bit of liar's delight. 
(Laughter) Unfortunately, such emotions are either fleeting or hidden. 
Therefore, it's mostly invisible to us. 
So in the last five years, we have been trying to figure out a way to reveal these hidden emotions. 
Then we made a discovery. 
We know that underneath our facial skin, there's a rich network of blood vessels. 
When we experience different emotions, our facial blood flow changes subtly. 
And these changes are regulated by the autonomic system that is beyond our conscious control. 
By looking at facial blood flow changes, we can reveal people's hidden emotions. 
Unfortunately, such emotion-related facial blood flow changes are too subtle to detect by our naked eye. 
So to help us reveal people's facial emotions, we have developed a new imaging technology we call "transdermal optical imaging." 
To do so, we use a regular video camera to record people when they experience various hidden emotions. 
And then, using our image processing technology, we can extract transdermal images of facial blood flow changes. 
By looking at transdermal video images, now we can easily see facial blood flow changes associated with the various hidden emotions. 
And using this technology, we can now reveal the hidden emotions associated with lying, and therefore detect people's lies. 
We can do so noninvasively, remotely, inexpensively, with an accuracy at about 85 percent, which is far better than chance level. 
And in addition, we discovered a Pinocchio effect. 
No, not this Pinocchio effect. 
(Laughter) This is the real Pinocchio effect. 
When people lie, the facial blood flow on the cheeks decreases, and the facial blood flow on the nose increases. 
Of course, lying is not the only situation that will evoke our hidden emotions. 
So then we asked ourselves, in addition to detecting lies, how can our technology be used? 
One application is in education. 
For example, using this technology, we can help this mathematics teacher to identify the student in his classroom who may experience high anxiety about the topic he's teaching so that he can help him. 
And also we can use this in health care. 
For example, every day I Skype my parents, who live thousands of miles away. 
And using this technology, I can not only find out what's going on in their lives but also simultaneously monitor their heart rate, their stress level, their mood and whether or not they are experiencing pain. 
And perhaps in the future, their risks for heart attack or hypertension. 
And you may ask: Can we use this also to reveal politicians' emotions? 
(Laughter) For example, during a debate. 
Well, the answer is yes. 
Using TV footage, we could detect the politicians' heart rate, mood and stress, and perhaps in the future, whether or not they are lying to us. 
We can also use this in marketing research, for example, to find out whether or not people like certain consumer products. 
We can even use it in dating. 
So for example, if your date is smiling at you, this technology can help you to determine whether she actually likes you or she is just trying to be nice to you. 
And in this case, she is just trying to be nice to you. 
(Laughter) So transdermal optical imaging technology is at a very early stage of development. 
Many new applications will come about that we don't know today. 
However, one thing I know for sure is that lying will never be the same again. 
Thank you very much. 
Xi xie. 
(Applause) 

Hi. My name is Aparna. 
I am a shopaholic -- (Laughter) and I'm addicted to online returns. 
(Laughter) Well, at least I was. 
At one time, I had two or three packages of clothing delivered to me every other day. 
I would intentionally buy the same item in a couple different sizes and many colors, because I did not know what I really wanted. 
So I overordered, I tried things on, and then I sent what didn't work back. 
Once my daughter was watching me return some of those packages back, and she said, "Mom, I think you have a problem." 
(Laughter) I didn't think so. 
I mean, it's free shipping and free returns, right? 
(Laughter) I didn't even think twice about it, until I heard a statistic at work that shocked me. 
You see, I'm a global solutions director for top-tier retail, and we were in a meeting with one of my largest customers, discussing how to streamline costs. 
One of their biggest concerns was managing returns. 
Just this past holiday season alone, they had 7.5 million pieces of clothing returned to them. 
I could not stop thinking about it. 
What happens to all these returned clothes? 
So I came home and researched. 
And I learned that every year, four billion pounds of returned clothing ends up in the landfill. 
That's like every resident in the US did a load of laundry last night and decided to throw it in the trash today. 
I was horrified. 
I'm like, "Of all people, I should be able to help prevent this." 
(Laughter) My job is to find solutions to logistical issues like these -- not create them. 
So this issue became very personal to me. 
I said, "You know what? We have to solve this." 
And we can, with some of the existing systems we already have in place. 
And then I started to wonder: How did we get here? 
I mean, it was only like six years ago when a study recommended that offering free online returns would drive customers to spend more. 
We started seeing companies offering free online returns to drive more sales and provide a better experience. 
What we didn't realize is that this would lead to more items being returned as well. 
In the US, companies lost $351 billion in sales in 2017 alone. 
Retailers are scrambling to recover their losses. 
They try to place that returned item online to be sold again, or they'll sell it to a discount partner or a liquidator. 
Basically, if companies cannot find a place for this item quickly and economically, its place becomes the trash. 
Suddenly, I felt very guilty for being that shopper, somebody who contributes to this. 
Who would have thought my innocent shopping behavior would be hurting not only me, but our planet as well? 
And as I thought about what to do, I kept thinking: Why does the item have to be returned to the retailer in the first place? 
What if there was another way, a win-win for everyone? 
What if when a person is trying to return something, it could go to the next shopper who wants it, and not the retailer? 
What if, instead of a return, they could do what I call a "green turn"? 
Consumers could use an app to take pictures of the item and verify the condition while returning it. 
Artificial intelligence systems could then sort these clothes by condition -- mint condition or slightly used -- and direct it to the next appropriate person. 
Mint-condition clothes could automatically go to the next buyer, while slightly used clothes could be marked down and offered online again. 
The retailer can decide the business rules on the number of times a particular item can be resold. 
All that the consumer would need to do is obtain a mobile code, take it to the nearest shipping place to be packed and shipped, and off it goes from one buyer to the next, not the landfill. 
Now you will ask, "Would people really go through all this trouble?" 
I think they would if they had incentives, like loyalty points or cash back. 
Let's call it "green cash." 
There would be a whole new opportunity to make money from this new customer base looking to buy these returns. 
This system would make a fun thing like shopping a spiritual experience that helps save our planet. 
(Applause) This is doable and would probably take six months to weave some of our existing systems and run a pilot. 
Even before any of these logistical systems are in place, each of us shoppers can act now, if every single adult in the US made a few small changes to our shopping behavior. 
Take the extra time to research and think -- Do I really need this item? 
No: Do I really want this item? -- before making a purchase. 
And if every one of us adults in the US returned five less items this year, we would keep 240 million pounds of clothes out of the landfill. 
Six percent reduction, just like that. 
This environmental problem that we have created is not thousands of years away; it's happening today, and must stop now to prevent growing landfills across the globe. 
I want to leave my daughter and my daughter's daughter a better and cleaner place than I found it, so I have not only stopped overordering, I recycle religiously as well. 
And you can, too. It's not difficult. 
Before we fill our shopping carts and our landfills with extra items that we don't want, let's pause next time we are shopping online and think twice about what we all hopefully really do want: a beautiful Earth to call home. 
Thank you. 
(Applause) 

The narrative of a rising Africa is being challenged. 
About 10 years ago, I spoke about an Africa, an Africa of hope and opportunity, an Africa of entrepreneurs, an Africa very different from the Africa that you normally hear about of death, poverty and disease. 
And that what I spoke about, became part of what is known now as the narrative of the rising Africa. 
I want to tell you two stories about this rising Africa. 
The first has to do with Rwanda, a country that has gone through many trials and tribulations. 
And Rwanda has decided to become the technology hub, or a technology hub on the continent. 
It's a country with mountainous and hilly terrain, a little bit like here, so it's very difficult to deliver services to people. 
So what has Rwanda said? 
In order to save lives, it's going to try using drones to deliver lifesaving drugs, vaccines and blood to people in hard-to-reach places in partnership with a company called Zipline, with UPS, and also with the Gavi, a global vaccine alliance. 
In doing this, it will save lives. 
This is part of the type of innovation we want to see in the rising Africa. 
The second story has to do with something that I'm sure most of you have seen or will remember. 
Very often, countries in Africa suffer drought and floods, and it's getting more frequent because of climate change effects. 
When this happens, they normally wait for international appeals to raise money. 
You see pictures of children with flies on their faces, carcasses of dead animals and so on. 
Now these countries, 32 countries, came together under the auspices of the African Union and decided to form an organization called the African Risk Capacity. 
What does it do? 
It's a weather-based insurance agency, and what these countries do is to pay insurance each year, about 3 million dollars a year of their own resources, so that in the event they have a difficult drought situation or flood, this money will be paid out to them, which they can then use to take care of their populations, instead of waiting for aid to come. 
The African Risk Capacity last year paid 26 million dollars to Mauritania, Senegal and Niger. 
This enabled them to take care of 1.3 million people affected by drought. 
They were able to restore livelihoods, buy fodder for cattle, feed children in school and in short keep the populations home instead of migrating out of the area. 
So these are the kinds of stories of an Africa ready to take responsibility for itself, and to look for solutions for its own problems. 
But that narrative is being challenged now because the continent has not been doing well in the last two years. 
It had been growing at five percent per annum for the last one and a half decades, but this year's forecast was three percent. Why? 
In an uncertain global environment, commodity prices have fallen. 
Many of the economies are still commodity driven, and therefore their performance has slipped. 
And now the issue of Brexit doesn't make it any easier. 
I never knew that the Brexit could happen and that it could be one of the things that would cause global uncertainty such as we have. 
So now we've got this situation, and I think it's time to take stock and to say what were the things that the African countries did right? 
What did they do wrong? 
How do we build on all of this and learn lessons so that we can keep Africa rising? 
So let me talk about six things that I think we did right. 
The first is managing our economies better. 
The '80s and '90s were the lost decades, when Africa was not doing well, and some of you will remember an "Economist" cover that said, "The Lost Continent." 
But in the 2000s, policymakers learned that they needed to manage the macroeconomic environment better, to ensure stability, keep inflation low in single digits, keep their fiscal deficits low, below three percent of GDP, give investors, both domestic and foreign, some stability so they'll have confidence to invest in these economies. 
So that was number one. 
Two, debt. 
In 1994, the debt-to-GDP ratio of African countries was 130 percent, and they didn't have fiscal space. 
They couldn't use their resources to invest in their development because they were paying debt. 
There may be some of you in this room who worked to support African countries to get debt relief. 
So private creditors, multilaterals and bilaterals came together and decided to do the Highly Indebted Poor Countries Initiative and give debt relief. 
So this debt relief in 2005 made the debt-to-GDP ratio fall down to about 30 percent, and there was enough resources to try and reinvest. 
The third thing was loss-making enterprises. 
Governments were involved in business which they had no business being in. 
And they were running businesses, they were making losses. 
So some of these enterprises were restructured, commercialized, privatized or closed, and they became less of a burden on government. 
The fourth thing was a very interesting thing. 
The telecoms revolution came, and African countries jumped on it. 
In 2000, we had 11 million phone lines. 
Today, we have about 687 million mobile lines on the continent. 
And this has enabled us to go, move forward with some mobile technology where Africa is actually leading. 
In Kenya, the development of mobile money -- M-Pesa, which all of you have heard about -- it took some time for the world to notice that Africa was ahead in this particular technology. 
And this mobile money is also providing a platform for access to alternative energy. 
You know, people who can now pay for solar the same way they pay for cards for their telephone. 
So this was a very good development, something that went right. 
We also invested more in education and health, not enough, but there were some improvements. 
250 million children were immunized in the last one and a half decades. 
The other thing was that conflicts decreased. 
There were many conflicts on the continent. 
Many of you are aware of that. 
But they came down, and our leaders even managed to dampen some coups. 
New types of conflicts have emerged, and I'll refer to those later. 
So based on all this, there's also some differentiation on the continent that I want you to know about, because even as the doom and gloom is here, there are some countries -- Cte d'Ivoire, Kenya, Ethiopia, Tanzania and Senegal are performing relatively well at the moment. 
But what did we do wrong? 
Let me mention eight things. 
You have to have more things wrong than right. 
(Laughter) So there are eight things we did wrong. 
The first was that even though we grew, we didn't create enough jobs. 
We didn't create jobs for our youth. 
Youth unemployment on the continent is about 15 percent, and underemployment is a serious problem. 
The second thing that we did is that the quality of growth was not good enough. 
Even those jobs we created were low-productivity jobs, so we moved people from low-productivity agriculture to low-productivity commerce and working in the informal sector in the urban areas. 
The third thing is that inequality increased. 
So we created more billionaires. 
50 billionaires worth 96 billion dollars own more wealth than the bottom 75 million people on the continent. 
Poverty, the proportion of people in poverty -- that's the fourth thing -- did decrease, but the absolute numbers did not because of population growth. 
And population growth is something that we don't have enough of a dialogue about on the continent. 
And I think we will need to get a handle on it, particularly how we educate girls. 
That is the road to really working on this particular issue. 
The fifth thing is that we didn't invest enough in infrastructure. 
We had investment from the Chinese. 
That helped some countries, but it's not enough. 
The consumption of electricity in Africa on the continent in Sub-Saharan Africa is equivalent to Spain. 
The total consumption is equivalent to that of Spain. 
So many people are living in the dark, and as the President of the African Development Bank said recently, Africa cannot develop in the dark. 
The other thing we have not done is that our economies retain the same structure that we've had for decades. 
So even though we've been growing, the structure of the economies has not changed very much. 
We are still exporting commodities, and exporting commodities is what? It's exporting jobs. 
Our manufacturing value-added is only 11 percent. 
We are not creating enough decent manufacturing jobs for our youth, and trade among ourselves is low. 
Only about 12 percent of our trade is among ourselves. 
So that's another serious problem. 
Then governance. 
Governance is a serious issue. 
We have weak institutions, and sometimes nonexistent institutions, and I think this gives way for corruption. 
Corruption is an issue that we have not yet gotten a good enough handle on, and we have to fight tooth and nail, that and increased transparency in the way we manage our economies and the way we manage our finances. 
We also need to be wary of new conflicts, new types of conflicts, such as we have with Boko Haram in my country, Nigeria, and with Al-Shabaab in Kenya. 
We need to partner with international partners, developed countries, to fight this together. 
Otherwise, we create a new reality which is not the type we want for a rising Africa. 
And finally, the issue of education. 
Our education systems in many countries are broken. 
We are not creating the types of skills needed for the future. 
So we have to find a way to educate better. 
So those are the things that we are not doing right. 
Now, where do we go from there? 
I believe that the way forward is to learn to manage success. 
Very often, when people succeed or countries succeed, they forget what made them succeed. 
Learning what you're successful at, managing it and keeping it is vital for us. 
So all those things I said we did right, we have to learn to do it right again, keep doing it right. 
Managing the economy while creating stability is vital, getting prices right, and policy consistency. 
Very often, we are not consistent. 
One regime goes out, another comes in and they throw away even the functioning policies that were there before. 
What does this do? 
It creates uncertainty for people, for households, uncertainties for business. 
They don't know whether and how to invest. 
Debt: we must manage the success we had in reducing our debt, but now countries are back to borrowing again, and we see our debt-to-GDP ratio beginning to creep up, and in certain countries, debt is becoming a problem, so we have to avoid that. 
So managing success. 
The next thing is focusing with a laser beam on those things we did not do well. 
First and foremost is infrastructure. 
Yes, most countries now recognize they have to invest in this, and they are trying to do the best they can to do that. 
We must. 
The most important thing is power. 
You cannot develop in the dark. 
And then governance and corruption: we have to fight. 
We have to make our countries transparent. 
And above all, we have to engage our young people. 
We have genius in our young people. 
I see it every day. 
It's what makes me wake up in the morning and feel ready to go. 
We have to unleash the genius of our young people, get out of their way, support them to create and innovate and lead the way. 
And I know that they will lead us in the right direction. 
And our women, and our girls: we have to recognize that girls and women are a gift. 
They have strength, and we have to unleash that strength so that they can contribute to the continent. 
I strongly believe that when we do all of these things, we find that the rising Africa narrative is not a fluke. 
It's a trend. 
It's a trend, and if we continue, if we unleash our youth, if we unleash our women, we may step backwards sometimes, we may even step sideways, but the trend is clear. 
Africa will continue to rise. 
And I tell you businesspeople in the audience, investment in Africa is not for today, is not for tomorrow, it's not a short-term thing, it's a longer term thing. 
But if you are not invested in Africa, then you will be missing one of the most important emerging opportunities in the world. 
Thank you. 
(Applause) Kelly Stoetzel: So you mentioned corruption in your talk, and you're known, well-known as a strong anticorruption fighter. 
But that's had consequences. 
People have fought back, and your mother was kidnapped. 
How have you been handling this? 
Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala: It's been very difficult. 
Thank you for mentioning the issue of the kidnap of my mother. 
It's a very difficult subject. 
But what it means is that when you fight corruption, when you touch the pockets of people who are stealing money, they don't just keep quiet. 
They fight back, and the issue for you is when they try to intimidate you, do you give up, or do you fight on? 
Do you find a way to stay on and fight back? 
And the answer that I had with the teams I worked with is we have to fight on. 
We have to create those institutions. 
We have to find ways to stop these people from taking away the heritage of the future. 
And so that's what we did. 
And even out of government, we continued to make that point. 
In our countries, nobody, nobody is going to fight corruption for us but us. 
And therefore, that comes with consequences, and we just have to do the best we can. 
But I thank you and thank TED for giving us a voice to say to those people, you will not win, and we will not be intimidated. 
Thank you. 
(Applause) Kelly Stoetzel: Thank you so much for your great talk and important work. 
(Applause) 

There's a big question at the center of life in our democracies today: How do we fight terror without destroying democracies, without trampling human rights? 
I've spent much of my career working with journalists, with bloggers, with activists, with human rights researchers all around the world, and I've come to the conclusion that if our democratic societies do not double down on protecting and defending human rights, freedom of the press and a free and open internet, radical extremist ideologies are much more likely to persist. 
(Applause) OK, all done. Thank you very much. 
No, just joking. 
(Laughter) I actually want to drill down on this a little bit. 
So, one of the countries that has been on the frontlines of this issue is Tunisia, which was the only country to come out of the Arab Spring with a successful democratic revolution. 
Five years later, they're struggling with serious terror attacks and rampant ISIS recruitment. 
And many Tunisians are calling on their government to do whatever it takes to keep them safe. 
Tunisian cartoonist Nadia Khiari has summed up the situation with this character who says, "I don't give a damn about human rights. 
I don't give a damn about the revolution. 
I don't give a damn about democracy and liberty. 
I just want to be safe." 
"Satisfied?" asked his jailer. 
"You're safe now." 
If the Tunisian people can figure out how to deal with their terrorism problem without ending up in this place, they will be a model not only for their region, but for all of us. 
The reality is that civil society, journalists and activists are coming under attack from extremist groups on the one hand, and, in many countries, also from their own governments. 
We're seeing bloggers and journalists being jailed, charged and intimidated by their own governments, many of which are allies with the West in the war on terror. 
Just three examples. 
A friend and former colleague of mine, Hisham Almiraat, has been charged with threatening state security, along with six other activists in Morocco. 
The Saudi blogger Raif Badawi has been jailed and flogged for insulting Islam and criticizing the Saudi regime on his blog. 
More recently, the Turkish representative for Reporters Without Borders, Erol nderoglu, has been detained and charged with spreading terrorist propaganda, because he and some other activists have been supporting Kurdish media. 
Anti-terror measures quickly turn into state repression without strong protection for minority communities and for peaceful debate; this needs to be supported by a robust, independent local media. 
But while that's not really happening, Washington is teaming up with Silicon Valley and with Hollywood to pour millions -- hundreds of millions of dollars -- into what's called "counter-messaging," a fancy word for propaganda. 
To counter the terrorist propaganda spreading all over the internet, in Europe, Internet Referral Units are being set up, so that people can report on extremist content that they find and get it censored. 
The problem is, that all of this propaganda, monitoring and censorship completely fails to make up for the fact that the people who are the most credible voices, who can present credible ideas and alternative solutions to real economic, social and political problems in their community that are causing people to turn to extremism in the first place, are being silenced by their own governments. 
This is all adding up to a decrease in freedom across the world. 
Freedom House, the human rights organization, reports that 2015 marks the 10th straight year in a row of decline in freedom worldwide. 
And this is not just because of the actions of authoritarian governments. 
It's also because democratic governments are increasingly cracking down on dissenters, whistle-blowers and investigative journalists. 
UN Secretary General Ban Ki-Moon has warned that "preventing extremism and promoting human rights go hand-in-hand." 
It's not to say that governments shouldn't keep us safe -- of course they should -- but we need public oversight, transparency and accountability to the rule of law. 
Meanwhile, extremists are literally killing off civil society in some countries. 
Since 2013 in Bangladesh, over a dozen secular bloggers and community activists have been literally slaughtered by extremists while the government has done very little. 
From the city of Raqqa in Syria, people like Ruqia Hassan and Naji Jerf have been assassinated for their reporting out of ISIS-controlled territory. 
The citizen media group called Raqqa is Being Slaughtered Silently relies on strong encryption to send out their reports and shield themselves from interception and surveillance. 
Yet authorities in countries like the United States, the United Kingdom and many other democracies are seeking to use the law to either weaken or outright ban strong encryption, because the bad guys are using it, too. 
We have got to fight for the right of citizens to use strong encryption. 
Otherwise, dissent and investigative journalism are going to become even more difficult in even more places. 
And the bad guys -- the criminals and terrorists -- are still going to find ways to communicate. 
Kudos to the companies that are standing up for their users' right to use encryption. 
But when it comes to censorship, the picture is much more troubling. 
Yes, there's a real problem of extremist content spreading all over the internet. 
And Facebook, YouTube and Twitter are among the many companies who report having taken down hundreds of thousands of pieces of content and deactivating accounts that are connected to the extremist's speech. 
The problem is their enforcement mechanisms are a complete black box, and there is collateral damage. 
Take, for example, Iyad el-Baghdadi, an activist who makes fun of ISIS on Twitter. 
He had his account deactivated, because he shares a surname with a prominent ISIS leader. 
Last December, a number of women named Isis, which also happens to be the name of an Egyptian goddess, had their accounts deactivated. 
And this woman, who lives in the United States and is a computer programmer, reported on Twitter about her deactivation on Facebook, managed to get enough media attention to have her account reinstated. 
But that's the thing -- she had to get media attention. 
And journalists aren't immune. 
David Thomson, an expert on terrorism and reporter for Radio France International, had reports deleted from his Facebook account and had his account deactivated for several days, because they contained pictures of ISIS flags, even though he was just reporting on ISIS, not promoting it. 
And then we have stories from people like this Egyptian man, Ahmed Abdellahy, who reported recently in an event in Washington DC that some of his arguments with extremists -- he now spends his time on social media arguing with ISIS followers, trying to get them to turn away -- some of his arguments with these extremists get deleted, which he believes has the effect of shielding them from alternative points of view. 
It's unclear whether Facebook even knows the extent of the collateral damage, or the other companies as well. 
But we do know that journalism, activism and public debate are being silenced in the effort to stamp out extremist speech. 
So with these companies having so much power over the public discourse, they need to be held accountable. 
They need to carry out impact assessment to identify and fix the problems that we're clearly seeing. 
They need to be more transparent about their enforcement mechanisms, and they need to have clear appeal and grievance mechanisms, so people can get their content reinstated. 
Now, I've been talking for the last 10 minutes about how governments and companies are making it more difficult for people like these. 
This is a picture of members of the citizen media network, Global Voices, that I helped to cofound over 10 years ago with my friend, Ethan Zuckerman. 
Interestingly, about 5 years ago, right after the Arab Spring, the data scientist Gilad Lotan created a network map of the people in Global Voices who were heavy users of Twitter during the Arab Spring. 
And he found that many of these people served as key information nodes between activists and journalists throughout the Tunisian and Egyptian revolution. 
We've got to make sure that these people not only survive, but are able to continue to thrive. 
Many of them are still active, other than the ones who have gone to jail or have been driven into hiding or exile. 
All around the world, people who are sick and tired of fear and oppression are linking up in their communities and across borders. 
We've got to do everything we can to push our governments and companies to do a better job of protecting their rights. 
We've also got to be more mindful about how our own personal, political, consumer and business choices affect people like these around the world. 
Also, if you follow the news, it's pretty clear that that alone isn't going to be enough. 
We've got to take personal responsibility by joining -- or at very least, actively supporting -- the growing ecosystem of individuals and groups who are fighting for social justice, environmental sustainability, government accountability, human rights, freedom of the press and a free and open internet, all around the world. 
I believe that, ultimately, we can overcome the digitally empowered networks of extremism, demagoguery and hate. 
But ... 
we've got to do this by really beefing up the global networks of citizens around the world, powered by people who are working hard every day, and taking personal risk for a future world that is more peaceful, just, open and free. 
Thanks very much for listening. 
(Applause) 

One hot October morning, I got off the all-night train in Mandalay, the old royal capital of Burma, now Myanmar. 
And out on the street, I ran into a group of rough men standing beside their bicycle rickshaws. 
And one of them came up and offered to show me around. 
The price he quoted was outrageous. 
It was less than I would pay for a bar of chocolate at home. 
So I clambered into his trishaw, and he began pedaling us slowly between palaces and pagodas. 
And as he did, he told me how he had come to the city from his village. 
He'd earned a degree in mathematics. 
His dream was to be a teacher. 
But of course, life is hard under a military dictatorship, and so for now, this was the only way he could make a living. 
Many nights, he told me, he actually slept in his trishaw so he could catch the first visitors off the all-night train. 
And very soon, we found that in certain ways, we had so much in common -- we were both in our 20s, we were both fascinated by foreign cultures -- that he invited me home. 
So we turned off the wide, crowded streets, and we began bumping down rough, wild alleyways. 
There were broken shacks all around. 
I really lost the sense of where I was, and I realized that anything could happen to me now. 
I could get mugged or drugged or something worse. 
Nobody would know. 
Finally, he stopped and led me into a hut, which consisted of just one tiny room. 
And then he leaned down, and reached under his bed. 
And something in me froze. 
I waited to see what he would pull out. 
And finally he extracted a box. 
Inside it was every single letter he had ever received from visitors from abroad, and on some of them he had pasted little black-and-white worn snapshots of his new foreign friends. 
So when we said goodbye that night, I realized he had also shown me the secret point of travel, which is to take a plunge, to go inwardly as well as outwardly to places you would never go otherwise, to venture into uncertainty, ambiguity, even fear. 
At home, it's dangerously easy to assume we're on top of things. 
Out in the world, you are reminded every moment that you're not, and you can't get to the bottom of things, either. 
Everywhere, "People wish to be settled," Ralph Waldo Emerson reminded us, "but only insofar as we are unsettled is there any hope for us." 
At this conference, we've been lucky enough to hear some exhilarating new ideas and discoveries and, really, about all the ways in which knowledge is being pushed excitingly forwards. 
But at some point, knowledge gives out. 
And that is the moment when your life is truly decided: you fall in love; you lose a friend; the lights go out. 
And it's then, when you're lost or uneasy or carried out of yourself, that you find out who you are. 
I don't believe that ignorance is bliss. 
Science has unquestionably made our lives brighter and longer and healthier. 
And I am forever grateful to the teachers who showed me the laws of physics and pointed out that three times three makes nine. 
I can count that out on my fingers any time of night or day. 
But when a mathematician tells me that minus three times minus three makes nine, that's a kind of logic that almost feels like trust. 
The opposite of knowledge, in other words, isn't always ignorance. 
It can be wonder. 
Or mystery. 
Possibility. 
And in my life, I've found it's the things I don't know that have lifted me up and pushed me forwards much more than the things I do know. 
It's also the things I don't know that have often brought me closer to everybody around me. 
For eight straight Novembers, recently, I traveled every year across Japan with the Dalai Lama. 
And the one thing he said every day that most seemed to give people reassurance and confidence was, "I don't know." 
"What's going to happen to Tibet?" 
"When are we ever going to get world peace?" 
"What's the best way to raise children?" 
"Frankly," says this very wise man, "I don't know." 
The Nobel Prize-winning economist Daniel Kahneman has spent more than 60 years now researching human behavior, and his conclusion is that we are always much more confident of what we think we know than we should be. 
We have, as he memorably puts it, an "unlimited ability to ignore our ignorance." 
We know -- quote, unquote -- our team is going to win this weekend, and we only remember that knowledge on the rare occasions when we're right. 
Most of the time, we're in the dark. 
And that's where real intimacy lies. 
Do you know what your lover is going to do tomorrow? 
Do you want to know? 
The parents of us all, as some people call them, Adam and Eve, could never die, so long as they were eating from the tree of life. 
But the minute they began nibbling from the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, they fell from their innocence. 
They grew embarrassed and fretful, self-conscious. 
And they learned, a little too late, perhaps, that there are certainly some things that we need to know, but there are many, many more that are better left unexplored. 
Now, when I was a kid, I knew it all, of course. 
I had been spending 20 years in classrooms collecting facts, and I was actually in the information business, writing articles for Time Magazine. 
And I took my first real trip to Japan for two-and-a-half weeks, and I came back with a 40-page essay explaining every last detail about Japan's temples, its fashions, its baseball games, its soul. 
But underneath all that, something that I couldn't understand so moved me for reasons I couldn't explain to you yet, that I decided to go and live in Japan. 
And now that I've been there for 28 years, I really couldn't tell you very much at all about my adopted home. 
Which is wonderful, because it means every day I'm making some new discovery, and in the process, looking around the corner and seeing the hundred thousand things I'll never know. 
Knowledge is a priceless gift. 
But the illusion of knowledge can be more dangerous than ignorance. 
Thinking that you know your lover or your enemy can be more treacherous than acknowledging you'll never know them. 
Every morning in Japan, as the sun is flooding into our little apartment, I take great pains not to consult the weather forecast, because if I do, my mind will be overclouded, distracted, even when the day is bright. 
I've been a full-time writer now for 34 years. 
And the one thing that I have learned is that transformation comes when I'm not in charge, when I don't know what's coming next, when I can't assume I am bigger than everything around me. 
And the same is true in love or in moments of crisis. 
Suddenly, we're back in that trishaw again and we're bumping off the broad, well-lit streets; and we're reminded, really, of the first law of travel and, therefore, of life: you're only as strong as your readiness to surrender. 
In the end, perhaps, being human is much more important than being fully in the know. 
Thank you. 
(Applause) 

Tell your daughters of this year, how we woke needing coffee but discovered instead cadavers strewn about our morning papers, waterlogged facsimiles of our sisters, spouses, small children. 
Say to your baby of this year when she asks, as she certainly should, tell her it was too late coming. 
Admit even in the year we leased freedom, we didn't own it outright. 
There were still laws for every way we used our privates while they pawed at the soft folds of us, grabbed with no concern for consent, no laws made for the men that enforced them. 
We were trained to dodge, to wait, to cower and cover, to wait more, still, wait. 
We were told to be silent. 
But speak to your girls of this wartime, a year preceded by a score of the same, so as in two decades before, we wiped our eyes, laced caskets with flags, evacuated the crime scene of the club, caterwauled in the street, laid our bodies on the concrete against the outlines of our fallen, cried, "Of course we mattered," chanted for our disappeared. 
The women wept this year. 
They did. 
In the same year, we were ready. 
The year we lost our inhibition and moved with courageous abandon was also the year we stared down barrels, sang of cranes in skies, ducked and parried, caught gold in hijab, collected death threats, knew ourselves as patriots, said, "We're 35 now, time we settled down and found a running mate," made road maps for infant joy, shamed nothing but fear, called ourselves fat and meant, of course, impeccable. 
This year, we were women, not brides or trinkets, not an off-brand gender, not a concession, but women. 
Instruct your babies. 
Remind them that the year has passed to be docile or small. 
Some of us said for the first time that we were women, took this oath of solidarity seriously. 
Some of us bore children and some of us did not, and none of us questioned whether that made us real or appropriate or true. 
When she asks you of this year, your daughter, whether your offspring or heir to your triumph, from her comforted side of history teetering towards woman, she will wonder and ask voraciously, though she cannot fathom your sacrifice, she will hold your estimation of it holy, curiously probing, "Where were you? 
Did you fight? Were you fearful or fearsome? 
What colored the walls of your regret? 
What did you do for women in the year it was time? 
This path you made for me, which bones had to break? 
Did you do enough, and are you OK, momma? 
And are you a hero?" 
She will ask the difficult questions. 
She will not care about the arc of your brow, the weight of your clutch. 
She will not ask of your mentions. 
Your daughter, for whom you have already carried so much, wants to know what you brought, what gift, what light did you keep from extinction? 
When they came for victims in the night, did you sleep through it or were you roused? 
What was the cost of staying woke? 
What, in the year we said time's up, what did you do with your privilege? 
Did you sup on others' squalor? 
Did you look away or directly into the flame? 
Did you know your skill or treat it like a liability? 
Were you fooled by the epithets of "nasty" or "less than"? 
Did you teach with an open heart or a clenched fist? 
Where were you? 
Tell her the truth. Make it your life. 
Confirm it. Say, "Daughter, I stood there with the moment drawn on my face like a dagger, and flung it back at itself, slicing space for you." 
Tell her the truth, how you lived in spite of crooked odds. 
Tell her you were brave, and always, always in the company of courage, mostly the days when you just had yourself. 
Tell her she was born as you were, as your mothers before, and the sisters beside them, in the age of legends, like always. 
Tell her she was born just in time, just in time to lead. 
(Applause) 

I want you to look around the room for a minute and try to find the most paranoid person here -- (Laughter) And then I want you to point at that person for me. 
(Laughter) OK, don't actually do it. 
(Laughter) But, as an organizational psychologist, I spend a lot of time in workplaces, and I find paranoia everywhere. 
Paranoia is caused by people that I call "takers." 
Takers are self-serving in their interactions. 
It's all about what can you do for me. 
The opposite is a giver. 
It's somebody who approaches most interactions by asking, "What can I do for you?" 
I wanted to give you a chance to think about your own style. 
We all have moments of giving and taking. 
Your style is how you treat most of the people most of the time, your default. 
I have a short test you can take to figure out if you're more of a giver or a taker, and you can take it right now. 
[The Narcissist Test] [Step 1: Take a moment to think about yourself.] (Laughter) [Step 2: If you made it to Step 2, you are not a narcissist.] (Laughter) This is the only thing I will say today that has no data behind it, but I am convinced the longer it takes for you to laugh at this cartoon, the more worried we should be that you're a taker. 
(Laughter) Of course, not all takers are narcissists. 
Some are just givers who got burned one too many times. 
Then there's another kind of taker that we won't be addressing today, and that's called a psychopath. 
(Laughter) I was curious, though, about how common these extremes are, and so I surveyed over 30,000 people across industries around the world's cultures. 
And I found that most people are right in the middle between giving and taking. 
They choose this third style called "matching." 
If you're a matcher, you try to keep an even balance of give and take: quid pro quo -- I'll do something for you if you do something for me. 
And that seems like a safe way to live your life. 
But is it the most effective and productive way to live your life? 
The answer to that question is a very definitive ... 
maybe. 
(Laughter) I studied dozens of organizations, thousands of people. 
I had engineers measuring their productivity. 
(Laughter) I looked at medical students' grades -- even salespeople's revenue. 
(Laughter) And, unexpectedly, the worst performers in each of these jobs were the givers. 
The engineers who got the least work done were the ones who did more favors than they got back. 
They were so busy doing other people's jobs, they literally ran out of time and energy to get their own work completed. 
In medical school, the lowest grades belong to the students who agree most strongly with statements like, "I love helping others," which suggests the doctor you ought to trust is the one who came to med school with no desire to help anybody. 
(Laughter) And then in sales, too, the lowest revenue accrued in the most generous salespeople. 
I actually reached out to one of those salespeople who had a very high giver score. 
And I asked him, "Why do you suck at your job --" I didn't ask it that way, but -- (Laughter) "What's the cost of generosity in sales?" 
And he said, "Well, I just care so deeply about my customers that I would never sell them one of our crappy products." 
(Laughter) So just out of curiosity, how many of you self-identify more as givers than takers or matchers? 
Raise your hands. 
OK, it would have been more before we talked about these data. 
But actually, it turns out there's a twist here, because givers are often sacrificing themselves, but they make their organizations better. 
We have a huge body of evidence -- many, many studies looking at the frequency of giving behavior that exists in a team or an organization -- and the more often people are helping and sharing their knowledge and providing mentoring, the better organizations do on every metric we can measure: higher profits, customer satisfaction, employee retention -- even lower operating expenses. 
So givers spend a lot of time trying to help other people and improve the team, and then, unfortunately, they suffer along the way. 
I want to talk about what it takes to build cultures where givers actually get to succeed. 
So I wondered, then, if givers are the worst performers, who are the best performers? 
Let me start with the good news: it's not the takers. 
Takers tend to rise quickly but also fall quickly in most jobs. 
And they fall at the hands of matchers. 
If you're a matcher, you believe in "An eye for an eye" -- a just world. 
And so when you meet a taker, you feel like it's your mission in life to just punish the hell out of that person. 
(Laughter) And that way justice gets served. 
Well, most people are matchers. 
And that means if you're a taker, it tends to catch up with you eventually; what goes around will come around. 
And so the logical conclusion is: it must be the matchers who are the best performers. 
But they're not. 
In every job, in every organization I've ever studied, the best results belong to the givers again. 
Take a look at some data I gathered from hundreds of salespeople, tracking their revenue. 
What you can see is that the givers go to both extremes. 
They make up the majority of people who bring in the lowest revenue, but also the highest revenue. 
The same patterns were true for engineers' productivity and medical students' grades. 
Givers are overrepresented at the bottom and at the top of every success metric that I can track. 
Which raises the question: How do we create a world where more of these givers get to excel? 
I want to talk about how to do that, not just in businesses, but also in nonprofits, schools -- even governments. 
Are you ready? 
(Cheers) I was going to do it anyway, but I appreciate the enthusiasm. 
(Laughter) The first thing that's really critical is to recognize that givers are your most valuable people, but if they're not careful, they burn out. 
So you have to protect the givers in your midst. 
And I learned a great lesson about this from Fortune's best networker. 
It's the guy, not the cat. 
(Laughter) His name is Adam Rifkin. 
He's a very successful serial entrepreneur who spends a huge amount of his time helping other people. 
And his secret weapon is the five-minute favor. 
Adam said, "You don't have to be Mother Teresa or Gandhi to be a giver. 
You just have to find small ways to add large value to other people's lives." 
That could be as simple as making an introduction between two people who could benefit from knowing each other. 
It could be sharing your knowledge or giving a little bit of feedback. 
Or It might be even something as basic as saying, "You know, I'm going to try and figure out if I can recognize somebody whose work has gone unnoticed." 
And those five-minute favors are really critical to helping givers set boundaries and protect themselves. 
The second thing that matters if you want to build a culture where givers succeed, is you actually need a culture where help-seeking is the norm; where people ask a lot. 
This may hit a little too close to home for some of you. 
[So in all your relationships, you always have to be the giver?] (Laughter) What you see with successful givers is they recognize that it's OK to be a receiver, too. 
If you run an organization, we can actually make this easier. 
We can make it easier for people to ask for help. 
A couple colleagues and I studied hospitals. 
We found that on certain floors, nurses did a lot of help-seeking, and on other floors, they did very little of it. 
The factor that stood out on the floors where help-seeking was common, where it was the norm, was there was just one nurse whose sole job it was to help other nurses on the unit. 
When that role was available, nurses said, "It's not embarrassing, it's not vulnerable to ask for help -- it's actually encouraged." 
Help-seeking isn't important just for protecting the success and the well-being of givers. 
It's also critical to getting more people to act like givers, because the data say that somewhere between 75 and 90 percent of all giving in organizations starts with a request. 
But a lot of people don't ask. 
They don't want to look incompetent, they don't know where to turn, they don't want to burden others. 
Yet if nobody ever asks for help, you have a lot of frustrated givers in your organization who would love to step up and contribute, if they only knew who could benefit and how. 
But I think the most important thing, if you want to build a culture of successful givers, is to be thoughtful about who you let onto your team. 
I figured, you want a culture of productive generosity, you should hire a bunch of givers. 
But I was surprised to discover, actually, that that was not right -- that the negative impact of a taker on a culture is usually double to triple the positive impact of a giver. 
Think about it this way: one bad apple can spoil a barrel, but one good egg just does not make a dozen. 
I don't know what that means -- (Laughter) But I hope you do. 
No -- let even one taker into a team, and you will see that the givers will stop helping. 
They'll say, "I'm surrounded by a bunch of snakes and sharks. 
Why should I contribute?" 
Whereas if you let one giver into a team, you don't get an explosion of generosity. 
More often, people are like, "Great! That person can do all our work." 
So, effective hiring and screening and team building is not about bringing in the givers; it's about weeding out the takers. 
If you can do that well, you'll be left with givers and matchers. 
The givers will be generous because they don't have to worry about the consequences. 
And the beauty of the matchers is that they follow the norm. 
So how do you catch a taker before it's too late? 
We're actually pretty bad at figuring out who's a taker, especially on first impressions. 
There's a personality trait that throws us off. 
It's called agreeableness, one the major dimensions of personality across cultures. 
Agreeable people are warm and friendly, they're nice, they're polite. 
You find a lot of them in Canada -- (Laughter) Where there was actually a national contest to come up with a new Canadian slogan and fill in the blank, "As Canadian as ..." 
I thought the winning entry was going to be, "As Canadian as maple syrup," or, "... ice hockey." 
But no, Canadians voted for their new national slogan to be -- I kid you not -- "As Canadian as possible under the circumstances." 
(Laughter) Now for those of you who are highly agreeable, or maybe slightly Canadian, you get this right away. 
How could I ever say I'm any one thing when I'm constantly adapting to try to please other people? 
Disagreeable people do less of it. 
They're more critical, skeptical, challenging, and far more likely than their peers to go to law school. 
(Laughter) That's not a joke, that's actually an empirical fact. 
(Laughter) So I always assumed that agreeable people were givers and disagreeable people were takers. 
But then I gathered the data, and I was stunned to find no correlation between those traits, because it turns out that agreeableness-disagreeableness is your outer veneer: How pleasant is it to interact with you? 
Whereas giving and taking are more of your inner motives: What are your values? What are your intentions toward others? 
If you really want to judge people accurately, you have to get to the moment every consultant in the room is waiting for, and draw a two-by-two. 
(Laughter) The agreeable givers are easy to spot: they say yes to everything. 
The disagreeable takers are also recognized quickly, although you might call them by a slightly different name. 
(Laughter) We forget about the other two combinations. 
There are disagreeable givers in our organizations. 
There are people who are gruff and tough on the surface but underneath have others' best interests at heart. 
Or as an engineer put it, "Oh, disagreeable givers -- like somebody with a bad user interface but a great operating system." 
(Laughter) If that helps you. 
(Laughter) Disagreeable givers are the most undervalued people in our organizations, because they're the ones who give the critical feedback that no one wants to hear but everyone needs to hear. 
We need to do a much better job valuing these people as opposed to writing them off early, and saying, "Eh, kind of prickly, must be a selfish taker." 
The other combination we forget about is the deadly one -- the agreeable taker, also known as the faker. 
This is the person who's nice to your face, and then will stab you right in the back. 
(Laughter) And my favorite way to catch these people in the interview process is to ask the question, "Can you give me the names of four people whose careers you have fundamentally improved?" 
The takers will give you four names, and they will all be more influential than them, because takers are great at kissing up and then kicking down. 
Givers are more likely to name people who are below them in a hierarchy, who don't have as much power, who can do them no good. 
And let's face it, you all know you can learn a lot about character by watching how someone treats their restaurant server or their Uber driver. 
So if we do all this well, if we can weed takers out of organizations, if we can make it safe to ask for help, if we can protect givers from burnout and make it OK for them to be ambitious in pursuing their own goals as well as trying to help other people, we can actually change the way that people define success. 
Instead of saying it's all about winning a competition, people will realize success is really more about contribution. 
I believe that the most meaningful way to succeed is to help other people succeed. 
And if we can spread that belief, we can actually turn paranoia upside down. 
There's a name for that. 
It's called "pronoia." 
Pronoia is the delusional belief that other people are plotting your well-being. 
(Laughter) That they're going around behind your back and saying exceptionally glowing things about you. 
The great thing about a culture of givers is that's not a delusion -- it's reality. 
I want to live in a world where givers succeed, and I hope you will help me create that world. 
Thank you. 
(Applause) 

Growing up in Kenya, I knew I always wanted to study biochemistry. 
See, I had seen the impact of the high prevalence of diseases like malaria, and I wanted to make medicines that would cure the sick. 
So I worked really hard, got a scholarship to the United States, where I became a cancer researcher, and I loved it. 
For someone who wants to cure diseases, there is no higher calling. 
Ten years later, I returned to Kenya to do just that. 
A freshly minted PhD, ready to take on this horrific illness, which in Kenya was almost certainly a death sentence. 
But instead of landing a job in a pharmaceutical company or a hospital, I found myself drawn to a different kind of lab, working with a different kind of patient -- a patient whose illness was so serious it impacted every single person in my country; a patient who needed to get healthy fast. 
That patient was my government. 
(Laughter) See, many of us will agree that lots of governments are unhealthy today. 
(Laughter) (Applause) And Kenya was no exception. 
When I returned to Kenya in 2014, there was 17 percent youth unemployment. 
And Nairobi, the major business hub, was rated 177th on the quality of living index. 
It was bad. 
Now, an economy is only as healthy as the entities that make it up. 
So when government -- one of its most vital entities -- is weak or unhealthy, everyone and everything suffers. 
Sometimes you might put a Band-Aid in place to try and temporarily stop the pain. 
Maybe some of you here have participated in a Band-Aid operation to an African country -- setting up alternative schools, building hospitals, digging wells -- because governments there either weren't or couldn't provide the services to their citizens. 
We all know this is a temporary solution. 
There are just some things Band-Aids can't fix, like providing an environment where businesses feel secure that they'll have an equal opportunity to be able to run and start their businesses successfully. 
Or there are systems in place that would protect the private property that they create. 
I would argue, only government is capable of creating these necessary conditions for economies to thrive. 
Economies thrive when business are able to quickly and easily set up shop. 
Business owners create new sources of income for themselves, new jobs get added into the economy and then more taxes are paid to fund public projects. 
New business is good for everyone. 
And it's such an important measure of economic growth, the World Bank has a ranking called the "Ease of Doing Business Ranking," which measures how easy or difficult it is to start a business in any given country. 
And as you can imagine, starting or running a business in a country with an ailing government -- almost impossible. 
The President of Kenya knew this, which is why in 2014, he came to our lab and asked us to partner with him to be able to help Kenya to jump-start business growth. 
He set an ambitious goal: he wanted Kenya to be ranked top 50 in this World Bank ranking. 
In 2014 when he came, Kenya was ranked 136 out of 189 countries. 
We had our work cut out for us. 
Fortunately, he came to the right place. 
We're not just a Band-Aid kind of team. 
We're a group of computer scientists, mathematicians, engineers and a cancer researcher, who understood that in order to cure the sickness of a system as big as government, we needed to examine the whole body, and then we needed to drill down all the way from the organs, into the tissues, all the way to single cells, so that we could properly make a diagnosis. 
So with our marching orders from the President himself, we embarked on the purest of the scientific method: collecting data -- all the data we could get our hands on -- making hypotheses, creating solutions, one after the other. 
So we met with hundreds of individuals who worked at government agencies, from the tax agency, the lands office, utilities company, the agency that's responsible for registering companies, and with each of them, we observed them as they served customers, we documented their processes -- most of them were manual. 
We also just went back and looked at a lot of their previous paperwork to try and really understand; to try and diagnose what bodily malfunctions had occurred that lead to that 136th spot on the World Bank list. 
What did we find? 
Well, in Kenya it was taking 72 days for a business owner to register their property, compared to just one day in New Zealand, which was ranked second on the World Bank list. 
It took 158 days to get a new electric connection. 
In Korea it took 18 days. 
If you wanted to get a construction permit so you could put up a building, in Kenya, it was going to take you 125 days. 
In Singapore, which is ranked first, that would only take you 26 days. 
God forbid you had to go to court to get help in being able to settle a dispute to enforce a contract, because that process alone would take you 465 days. 
And if that wasn't bad enough, you would lose 40 percent of your claim in just fees -- legal fees, enforcement fees, court fees. 
Now, I know what you're thinking: for there to exist such inefficiencies in an African country, there must be corruption. 
The very cells that run the show must be corrupt to the bone. 
I thought so, too, actually. 
When we started out, I thought I was going to find so much corruption, I was literally going to either die or get killed in the process. 
(Laughter) But when we dug deeper, we didn't find corruption in the classic sense: slimy gangsters lurking in the darkness, waiting to grease the palms of their friends. 
What we found was an overwhelming sense of helplessness. 
Our government was sick, because government employees felt helpless. 
They felt that they were not empowered to drive change. 
And when people feel stuck and helpless, they stop seeing their role in a bigger system. 
They start to think the work they do doesn't matter in driving change. 
And when that happens, things slow down, fall through the cracks and inefficiencies flourish. 
Now imagine with me, if you had a process you had to go through -- had no other alternative -- and this process was inefficient, complex and very, very slow. 
What would you do? 
I think you might start by trying to find somebody to outsource it to, so that they can just take care of that for you. 
If that doesn't work, maybe you'd consider paying somebody to just "unofficially" take care of it on your behalf -- especially if you thought nobody was going to catch you. 
Not out of malice or greed, just trying to make sure that you get something to work for you so you can move on. 
Unfortunately, that is the beginning of corruption. 
And if left to thrive and grow, it seeps into the whole system, and before you know it, the whole body is sick. 
Knowing this, we had to start by making sure that every single stakeholder we worked with had a shared vision for what we wanted to do. 
So we met with everyone, from the clerk whose sole job is to remove staples from application packets, to the legal drafters at the attorney general's office, to the clerks who are responsible for serving business owners when they came to access government services. 
And with them, we made sure that they understood how their day-to-day actions were impacting our ability as a country to create new jobs and to attract investments. 
No one's role was too small; everyone's role was vital. 
Now, guess what we started to see? 
A coalition of government employees who are excited and ready to drive change, began to grow and form. 
And together we started to implement changes that impacted the service delivery of our country. 
The result? 
In just two years, Kenya's ranking moved from 136 to 92. 
(Applause) And in recognition of the significant reforms we've been able to implement in such a short time, Kenya was recognized to be among the top three global reformers in the world two years in a row. 
(Applause) Are we fully healthy? 
No. 
We have some serious work still to do. 
I like to think about these two years like a weight-loss program. 
(Laughter) It's that time after months of hard, grueling work at the gym, and then you get your first time to weigh yourself, and you've lost 20 pounds. 
You're feeling unstoppable. 
Now, some of you may think this doesn't apply to you. 
You're not from Kenya. 
You don't intend to be an entrepreneur. 
But think with me for just a moment. 
When is the last time you accessed a government service? 
Maybe applied for your driver's license, tried to do your taxes on your own. 
It's easy in this political and global economy to want to give up when we think about transforming government. 
We can easily resign to the fact or to the thinking that government is too inefficient, too corrupt, unfixable. 
We might even rarely get some key government responsibilities to other sectors, to Band-Aid solutions, or to just give up and feel helpless. 
But just because a system is sick doesn't mean it's dying. 
We cannot afford to give up when it comes to the challenges of fixing our governments. 
In the end, what really makes a government healthy is when healthy cells -- that's you and I -- get to the ground, roll up our sleeves, refuse to be helpless and believe that sometimes, all it takes is for us to create some space for healthy cells to grow and thrive. 
Thank you. 
(Applause) 

Bryn Freedman: So you said that in the 20th century, global power was in the hands of government. 
At the beginning of this digital century, it really moved to corporations and that in the future, it would move to individuals. 
And I've interviewed a lot of people, and they say you're wrong, and they are betting on the companies. 
So why are you right, and why are individuals going to win out? 
Fadi Chehad: Because companies cater to individuals, and we as the citizenry need to start understanding that we have a big role in shaping how the world will be governed, moving forward. 
Yes, indeed, the tug of war right now is between governments, who lost much of their power to companies because the internet is not built around the nation-state system around which governments have power. 
The internet is transnational. 
It's not international, and it's not national, and therefore the companies became very powerful. 
They shape our economy. 
They shape our society. 
Governments don't know what to do. 
Right now, they're reacting. 
And I fear that if we do not, as the citizenry -- which are, in my opinion, the most important leg of that stool -- don't take our role, then you are right. 
The detractors, or the people telling you that businesses will prevail, are right. 
It will happen. 
BF: So are you saying that individuals will force businesses or business will be forced to be responsive, or is there a fear that they won't be? 
FC: I think they will be. 
Look at two weeks ago, a small company called Skip winning over Uber and Lyft and everyone to actually get the license for the San Francisco scooter business. 
And if you read why did Skip win, because Skip listened to the people of San Francisco, who were tired of scooters being thrown everywhere, and actually went to the city and said, "We will deploy the service, but we will respond to the people's requirements that we organize ourselves around a set of rules." 
They self-governed their behavior, and they won the contract over some very powerful companies. 
BF: So speaking of guidelines and self-governance, you've spent an entire lifetime creating guidelines and norms for the internet. 
Do you think those days are over? 
Who is going to guide, who is going to control, and who is going to create those norms? 
FC: The rules that govern the technology layers of the internet are now well put in place, and I was very busy for a few years setting those rules around the part of the internet that makes the internet one network. 
The domain-name system, the IP numbers, all of that is in place. 
However, as we get now into the upper layers of the internet, the issues that affect me and you every day -- privacy, security, etc. -- the system to create norms for those unfortunately is not in place. 
So we do have an issue. 
We have a system of cooperation and governance that really needs to be created right now so that companies, governments and the citizenry can agree how this new digital world is going to advance. 
BF: So what gives a digital company any incentive? 
Let's say -- Facebook comes to mind -- they would say they have their users' best interests at heart, but I think a lot of people would disagree with that. 
FC: It's been very difficult to watch how tech companies have reacted to the citizenry's response to their technologies. 
And some of them, two or three years ago, basically dismissed it. 
The word that I heard in many board rooms is, "We're just a technology platform. 
It's not my issue if my technology platform causes families to go kill their girls in Pakistan. 
It's not my issue. It's their problem. 
I just have a technology platform." 
Now, I think we are now entering a stage where companies are starting to realize this is no longer sustainable, and they're starting to see the pushback that's coming from people, users, citizens, but also governments that are starting to say, "This cannot be." 
So I think there is a maturity that is starting to set, especially in that Silicon Valley area, where people are beginning to say, "We have a role." 
So when I speak to these leaders, I say, "Look, you could be the CEO, a very successful CEO of a company, but you could also be a steward." 
And that's the key word. 
"You could be a steward of the power you have to shape the lives and the economies of billions of people. 
Which one do you want to be?" 
And the answer is, it's not one or the other. 
This is what we are missing right now. 
So when an adult like Brad Smith, the president of Microsoft, said a few months ago, "We need a new set of Geneva Conventions to manage the security of the digital space," many of the senior leaders in Silicon Valley actually spoke against his words. 
"What do you mean, Geneva Convention? 
We don't need any Geneva Conventions. We self-regulate." 
But that mood is changing, and I'm starting to see many leaders say, "Help us out." 
But here lies the conundrum. 
Who is going to help those leaders do the right thing? 
BF: So who is going to help them? 
Because I'd love to interview you for an hour, but give me your biggest fear and your best hope for how this is going to work out. 
FC: My biggest hope is that we will become each stewards of this new digital world. 
That's my biggest hope, because I do think, often, we want to put the blame on others. 
"Oh, it's these CEOs. They're behaving this way." 
"These governments are not doing enough." 
But how about us? 
How is each of us actually taking the responsibility to be a steward of the digital space we live in? 
And one of the things I've been pushing on university presidents is we need every engineering and science and computer science student who is about to write the next line of code or design the next IoT device to actually have in them a sense of responsibility and stewardship towards what they're building. 
So I suggested we create a new oath, like the Hippocratic Oath, so that every student entering an engineering program takes a technocratic oath or a wisdom oath or some oath of commitment to the rest of us. 
That's my best hope, that we all rise. 
Because governments and businesses will fight over this power game, but where are we? 
And unless we play into that power table, I think we'll end up in a bad place. 
My biggest fear? 
My biggest fear, to be very tactical today, what is keeping me up at night is the current war between the West, the liberal world, and China, in the area of artificial intelligence. 
There is a real war going on, and for those of us who have lived through the nuclear nonproliferation age and saw how people agreed to take some very dangerous things off the table, well, the Carnegie Endowment just finished a study. 
They talked to every country that made nuclear weapons and asked them, "Which digital 'weapon' would you take off the table against somebody else's schools or hospitals?" 
And the answer -- from every nuclear power -- to this question was, nothing. 
That's what I'm worried about ... 
The weaponization of the digital space, and the race to get there. 
BF: Well, it sounds like you've got a lot of work to do, and so do the rest of us. 
Fadi, thank you so much. I really appreciate it. 
FC: Thank you. 
(Applause) 

My inbox is full of hate mails and personal abuse and has been for years. 
In 2010, I started answering those mails and suggesting to the writer that we might meet for coffee and a chat. 
I have had hundreds of encounters. 
They have taught me something important that I want to share with you. 
I was born in Turkey from Kurdish parents and we moved to Denmark when I was a young child. 
In 2007, I ran for a seat in the Danish parliament as one of the first women with a minority background. 
I was elected, but I soon found out that not everyone was happy about it as I had to quickly get used to finding hate messages in my inbox. 
Those emails would begin with something like this: "What's a raghead like you doing in our parliament?" 
I never answered. 
I'd just delete the emails. 
I just thought that the senders and I had nothing in common. 
They didn't understand me, and I didn't understand them. 
Then one day, one of my colleagues in the parliament said that I should save the hate mails. 
"When something happens to you, it will give the police a lead." 
(Laughter) I noticed that she said, "When something happens" and not "if." 
(Laughter) Sometimes hateful letters were also sent to my home address. 
The more I became involved in public debate, the more hate mail and threats I received. 
After a while, I got a secret address and I had to take extra precautions to protect my family. 
Then in 2010, a Nazi began to harass me. 
It was a man who had attacked Muslim women on the street. 
Over time, it became much worse. 
I was at the zoo with my children, and the phone was ringing constantly. 
It was the Nazi. 
I had the impression that he was close. 
We headed home. 
When we got back, my son asked, "Why does he hate you so much, Mom, when he doesn't even know you?" 
"Some people are just stupid," I said. 
And at the time, I actually thought that was a pretty clever answer. 
And I suspect that that is the answer most of us would give. 
The others -- they are stupid, brainwashed, ignorant. 
We are the good guys and they are the bad guys, period. 
Several weeks later I was at a friend's house, and I was very upset and angry about all the hate and racism I had met. 
It was he who suggested that I should call them up and visit them. 
"They will kill me," I said. 
"They would never attack a member of the Danish Parliament," he said. 
"And anyway, if they killed you, you would become a martyr." 
(Laughter) "So it's pure win-win situation for you." 
(Laughter) His advice was so unexpected, when I got home, I turned on my computer and opened the folder where I had saved all the hate mail. 
There were literally hundreds of them. 
Emails that started with words like "terrorist," "raghead," "rat," "whore." 
I decided to contact the one who had sent me the most. 
His name was Ingolf. 
I decided to contact him just once so I could say at least I had tried. 
To my surprise and shock, he answered the phone. 
I blurted out, "Hello, my name is zlem. You have sent me so many hate mails. 
You don't know me, I don't know you. 
I was wondering if I could come around and we can drink a coffee together and talk about it?" 
(Laughter) There was silence on the line. 
And then he said, "I have to ask my wife." 
(Laughter) What? 
The racist has a wife? 
(Laughter) A couple of days later, we met at his house. 
I will never forget when he opened his front door and reached out to shake my hand. 
I felt so disappointed. 
(Laughter) because he looked nothing like I'd imagined. 
I had expected a horrible person -- dirty, messy house. 
It was not. 
His house smelled of coffee which was served from a coffee set identical to the one my parents used. 
I ended up staying for two and a half hours. 
And we had so many things in common. 
Even our prejudices were alike. 
(Laughter) Ingolf told me that when he waits for the bus and the bus stops 10 meters away from him, it was because the driver was a "raghead." 
I recognized that feeling. 
When I was young and I waited for the bus and it stopped 10 meters away from me, I was sure that the driver was a racist. 
When I got home, I was very ambivalent about my experience. 
On the one hand, I really liked Ingolf. 
He was easy and pleasant to talk to, but on the other hand, I couldn't stand the idea of having so much in common with someone who had such clearly racist views. 
Gradually, and painfully, I came to realize that I had been just as judgmental of those who had sent me hate mails as they had been of me. 
This was the beginning of what I call #dialoguecoffee. 
Basically, I sit down for coffee with people who have said the most terrible things to me to try to understand why they hate people like me when they don't even know me. 
I have been doing this the last eight years. 
The vast majority of people I approach agree to meet me. 
Most of them are men, but I have also met women. 
I have made it a rule to always meet them in their house to convey from the outset that I trust them. 
I always bring food because when we eat together, it is easier to find what we have in common and make peace together. 
Along the way, I have learned some valuable lessons. 
The people who sent hate mails are workers, husbands, wives, parents like you and me. 
I'm not saying that their behavior is acceptable, but I have learned to distance myself from the hateful views without distancing myself from the person who's expressing those views. 
And I have discovered that the people I visit are just as afraid of people they don't know as I was afraid of them before I started inviting myself for coffee. 
During these meetings, a specific theme keeps coming up. 
It shows up regardless whether I'm talking to a humanist or a racist, a man, a woman, a Muslim or an atheist. 
They all seem to think that other people are to blame for the hate and for the generalization of groups. 
They all believe that other people have to stop demonizing. 
They point at politicians, the media, their neighbor or the bus driver who stops 10 meters away. 
But when I asked, "What about you? 
What can you do?", the reply is usually, "What can I do? 
I have no influence. 
I have no power." 
I know that feeling. 
For a large part of my life, I also thought that I didn't have any power or influence -- even when I was a member of the Danish parliament. 
But today I know the reality is different. 
We all have power and influence where we are, so we must never, never underestimate our own potential. 
The #dialoguecoffee meetings have taught me that people of all political convictions can be caught demonizing the others with different views. 
I know what I'm talking about. 
As a young child, I hated different population groups. 
And at the time, my religious views were very extreme. 
But my friendship with Turks, with Danes, with Jews and with racists has vaccinated me against my own prejudices. 
I grew up in a working-class family, and on my journey I have met many people who have insisted on speaking to me. 
They have changed my views. 
They have formed me as a democratic citizen and a bridge builder. 
If you want to prevent hate and violence, we have to talk to as many people as possible for as long as possible while being as open as possible. 
That can only be achieved through debate, critical conversation and insisting on dialogue that doesn't demonize people. 
I'm going to ask you a question. 
I invite you to think about it when you get home and in the coming days, but you have to be honest with yourself. 
It should be easy, no one else will know it. 
The question is this ... 
who do you demonize? 
Do you think supporters of American President Trump are deplorables? 
Or that those who voted for Turkish President Erdoan are crazy Islamists? 
Or that those who voted for Le Pen in France are stupid fascists? 
Or perhaps you think that Americans who voted for Bernie Sanders are immature hippies. 
(Laughter) All those words have been used to vilify those groups. 
Maybe at this point, do you think I am an idealist? 
I want to give you a challenge. 
Before the end of this year, I challenge you to invite someone who you demonize -- someone who you disagree with politically and/or culturally and don't think you have anything in common with. 
I challenge you to invite someone like this to #dialoguecoffee. 
Remember Ingolf? 
Basically, I'm asking you to find an Ingolf in your life, contact him or her and suggest that you can meet for #dialoguecofee. 
When you start at #dialoguecoffee, you have to remember this: first, don't give up if the person refuses at first. 
Sometimes it's taken me nearly one year to arrange a #dialoguecoffee meeting. 
Two: acknowledge the other person's courage. 
It isn't just you who's brave. 
The one who's inviting you into their home is just as brave. 
Three: don't judge during the conversation. 
Make sure that most of the conversation focuses on what you have in common. 
As I said, bring food. 
And finally, remember to finish the conversation in a positive way because you are going to meet again. 
A bridge can't be built in one day. 
We are living in a world where many people hold definitive and often extreme opinions about the others without knowing much about them. 
We notice of course the prejudices on the other side than in our own bases. 
And we ban them from our lives. 
We delete the hate mails. 
We hang out only with people who think like us and talk about the others in a category of disdain. 
We unfriend people on Facebook, and when we meet people who are discriminating or dehumanizing people or groups, we don't insist on speaking with them to challenge their opinions. 
That's how healthy democratic societies break down -- when we don't check the personal responsibility for the democracy. 
We take the democracy for granted. 
It is not. 
Conversation is the most difficult thing in a democracy and also the most important. 
So here's my challenge. 
Find your Ingolf. 
(Laughter) Start a conversation. 
Trenches have been dug between people, yes, but we all have the ability to build the bridges that cross the trenches. 
And let me end by quoting my friend, Sergeot Uzan, who lost his son, Dan Uzan, in a terror attack on a Jewish synagogue in Copenhagen, 2015. 
Sergio rejected any suggestion of revenge and instead said this ... 
"Evil can only be defeated by kindness between people. 
Kindness demands courage." 
Dear friends, let's be courageous. 
Thank you. 
(Applause) 

[This talk contains graphic language and descriptions of sexual violence Viewer discretion is advised] Tom Stranger: In 1996, when I was 18 years old, I had the golden opportunity to go on an international exchange program. 
Ironically I'm an Australian who prefers proper icy cold weather, so I was both excited and tearful when I got on a plane to Iceland, after just having farewelled my parents and brothers goodbye. 
I was welcomed into the home of a beautiful Icelandic family who took me hiking, and helped me get a grasp of the melodic Icelandic language. 
I struggled a bit with the initial period of homesickness. 
I snowboarded after school, and I slept a lot. 
Two hours of chemistry class in a language that you don't yet fully understand can be a pretty good sedative. 
(Laughter) My teacher recommended I try out for the school play, just to get me a bit more socially active. 
It turns out I didn't end up being part of the play, but through it I met Thordis. 
We shared a lovely teenage romance, and we'd meet at lunchtimes to just hold hands and walk around old downtown Reykjavk. 
I met her welcoming family, and she met my friends. 
We'd been in a budding relationship for a bit over a month when our school's Christmas Ball was held. 
Thordis Elva: I was 16 and in love for the first time. 
Going together to the Christmas dance was a public confirmation of our relationship, and I felt like the luckiest girl in the world. 
No longer a child, but a young woman. 
High on my newfound maturity, I felt it was only natural to try drinking rum for the first time that night, too. 
That was a bad idea. 
I became very ill, drifting in and out of consciousness in between spasms of convulsive vomiting. 
The security guards wanted to call me an ambulance, but Tom acted as my knight in shining armor, and told them he'd take me home. 
It was like a fairy tale, his strong arms around me, laying me in the safety of my bed. 
But the gratitude that I felt towards him soon turned to horror as he proceeded to take off my clothes and get on top of me. 
My head had cleared up, but my body was still too weak to fight back, and the pain was blinding. 
I thought I'd be severed in two. 
In order to stay sane, I silently counted the seconds on my alarm clock. 
And ever since that night, I've known that there are 7,200 seconds in two hours. 
Despite limping for days and crying for weeks, this incident didn't fit my ideas about rape like I'd seen on TV. 
Tom wasn't an armed lunatic; he was my boyfriend. 
And it didn't happen in a seedy alleyway, it happened in my own bed. 
By the time I could identify what had happened to me as rape, he had completed his exchange program and left for Australia. 
So I told myself it was pointless to address what had happened. 
And besides, it had to have been my fault, somehow. 
I was raised in a world where girls are taught that they get raped for a reason. 
Their skirt was too short, their smile was too wide, their breath smelled of alcohol. 
And I was guilty of all of those things, so the shame had to be mine. 
It took me years to realize that only one thing could have stopped me from being raped that night, and it wasn't my skirt, it wasn't my smile, it wasn't my childish trust. 
The only thing that could've stopped me from being raped that night is the man who raped me -- had he stopped himself. 
TS: I have vague memories of the next day: the after effects of drinking, a certain hollowness that I tried to stifle. 
Nothing more. 
But I didn't show up at Thordis's door. 
It is important to now state that I didn't see my deed for what it was. 
The word "rape" didn't echo around my mind as it should've, and I wasn't crucifying myself with memories of the night before. 
It wasn't so much a conscious refusal, it was more like any acknowledgment of reality was forbidden. 
My definition of my actions completely refuted any recognition of the immense trauma I caused Thordis. 
To be honest, I repudiated the entire act in the days afterwards and when I was committing it. 
I disavowed the truth by convincing myself it was sex and not rape. 
And this is a lie I've felt spine-bending guilt for. 
I broke up with Thordis a couple of days later, and then saw her a number of times during the remainder of my year in Iceland, feeling a sharp stab of heavyheartedness each time. 
Deep down, I knew I'd done something immeasurably wrong. 
But without planning it, I sunk the memories deep, and then I tied a rock to them. 
What followed is a nine-year period that can best be titled as "Denial and Running." 
When I got a chance to identify the real torment that I caused, I didn't stand still long enough to do so. 
Whether it be via distraction, substance use, thrill-seeking or the scrupulous policing of my inner speak, I refused to be static and silent. 
And with this noise, I also drew heavily upon other parts of my life to construct a picture of who I was. 
I was a surfer, a social science student, a friend to good people, a loved brother and son, an outdoor recreation guide, and eventually, a youth worker. 
I gripped tight to the simple notion that I wasn't a bad person. 
I didn't think I had this in my bones. 
I thought I was made up of something else. 
In my nurtured upbringing, my loving extended family and role models, people close to me were warm and genuine in their respect shown towards women. 
It took me a long time to stare down this dark corner of myself, and to ask it questions. 
TE: Nine years after the Christmas dance, I was 25 years old, and headed straight for a nervous breakdown. 
My self-worth was buried under a soul-crushing load of silence that isolated me from everyone that I cared about, and I was consumed with misplaced hatred and anger that I took out on myself. 
One day, I stormed out of the door in tears after a fight with a loved one, and I wandered into a caf, where I asked the waitress for a pen. 
I always had a notebook with me, claiming that it was to jot down ideas in moments of inspiration, but the truth was that I needed to be constantly fidgeting, because in moments of stillness, I found myself counting seconds again. 
But that day, I watched in wonder as the words streamed out of my pen, forming the most pivotal letter I've ever written, addressed to Tom. 
Along with an account of the violence that he subjected me to, the words, "I want to find forgiveness" stared back at me, surprising nobody more than myself. 
But deep down I realized that this was my way out of my suffering, because regardless of whether or not he deserved my forgiveness, I deserved peace. 
My era of shame was over. 
Before sending the letter, I prepared myself for all kinds of negative responses, or what I found likeliest: no response whatsoever. 
The only outcome that I didn't prepare myself for was the one that I then got -- a typed confession from Tom, full of disarming regret. 
As it turns out, he, too, had been imprisoned by silence. 
And this marked the start of an eight-year-long correspondence that God knows was never easy, but always honest. 
I relieved myself of the burdens that I'd wrongfully shouldered, and he, in turn, wholeheartedly owned up to what he'd done. 
Our written exchanges became a platform to dissect the consequences of that night, and they were everything from gut-wrenching to healing beyond words. 
And yet, it didn't bring about closure for me. 
Perhaps because the email format didn't feel personal enough, perhaps because it's easy to be brave when you're hiding behind a computer screen on the other side of the planet. 
But we'd begun a dialogue that I felt was necessary to explore to its fullest. 
So, after eight years of writing, and nearly 16 years after that dire night, I mustered the courage to propose a wild idea: that we'd meet up in person and face our past once and for all. 
TS: Iceland and Australia are geographically like this. 
In the middle of the two is South Africa. 
We decided upon the city of Cape Town, and there we met for one week. 
The city itself proved to be a stunningly powerful environment to focus on reconciliation and forgiveness. 
Nowhere else has healing and rapprochement been tested like it has in South Africa. 
As a nation, South Africa sought to sit within the truth of its past, and to listen to the details of its history. 
Knowing this only magnified the effect that Cape Town had on us. 
Over the course of this week, we literally spoke our life stories to each other, from start to finish. 
And this was about analyzing our own history. 
We followed a strict policy of being honest, and this also came with a certain exposure, an open-chested vulnerability. 
There were gutting confessions, and moments where we just absolutely couldn't fathom the other person's experience. 
The seismic effects of sexual violence were spoken aloud and felt, face to face. 
At other times, though, we found a soaring clarity, and even some totally unexpected but liberating laughter. 
When it came down to it, we did out best to listen to each other intently. 
And our individual realities were aired with an unfiltered purity that couldn't do any less than lighten the soul. 
TE: Wanting to take revenge is a very human emotion -- instinctual, even. 
And all I wanted to do for years was to hurt Tom back as deeply as he had hurt me. 
But had I not found a way out of the hatred and anger, I'm not sure I'd be standing here today. 
That isn't to say that I didn't have my doubts along the way. 
When the plane bounced on that landing strip in Cape Town, I remember thinking, "Why did I not just get myself a therapist and a bottle of vodka like a normal person would do?" 
(Laughter) At times, our search for understanding in Cape Town felt like an impossible quest, and all I wanted to do was to give up and go home to my loving husband, Vidir, and our son. 
But despite our difficulties, this journey did result in a victorious feeling that light had triumphed over darkness, that something constructive could be built out of the ruins. 
I read somewhere that you should try and be the person that you needed when you were younger. 
And back when I was a teenager, I would have needed to know that the shame wasn't mine, that there's hope after rape, that you can even find happiness, like I share with my husband today. 
Which is why I started writing feverishly upon my return from Cape Town, resulting in a book co-authored by Tom, that we hope can be of use to people from both ends of the perpetrator-survivor scale. 
If nothing else, it's a story that we would've needed to hear when we were younger. 
Given the nature of our story, I know the words that inevitably accompany it -- victim, rapist -- and labels are a way to organize concepts, but they can also be dehumanizing in their connotations. 
Once someone's been deemed a victim, it's that much easier to file them away as someone damaged, dishonored, less than. 
And likewise, once someone has been branded a rapist, it's that much easier to call him a monster -- inhuman. 
But how will we understand what it is in human societies that produces violence if we refuse to recognize the humanity of those who commit it? 
And how -- (Applause) And how can we empower survivors if we're making them feel less than? 
How can we discuss solutions to one of the biggest threats to the lives of women and children around the world, if the very words we use are part of the problem? 
TS: From what I've now learnt, my actions that night in 1996 were a self-centered taking. 
I felt deserving of Thordis's body. 
I've had primarily positive social influences and examples of equitable behavior around me. 
But on that occasion, I chose to draw upon the negative ones. 
The ones that see women as having less intrinsic worth, and of men having some unspoken and symbolic claim to their bodies. 
These influences I speak of are external to me, though. 
And it was only me in that room making choices, nobody else. 
When you own something and really square up to your culpability, I do think a surprising thing can happen. 
It's what I call a paradox of ownership. 
I thought I'd buckle under the weight of responsibility. 
I thought my certificate of humanity would be burnt. 
Instead, I was offered to really own what I did, and found that it didn't possess the entirety of who I am. 
Put simply, something you've done doesn't have to constitute the sum of who you are. 
The noise in my head abated. 
The indulgent self-pity was starved of oxygen, and it was replaced with the clean air of acceptance -- an acceptance that I did hurt this wonderful person standing next to me; an acceptance that I am part of a large and shockingly everyday grouping of men who have been sexually violent toward their partners. 
Don't underestimate the power of words. 
Saying to Thordis that I raped her changed my accord with myself, as well as with her. 
But most importantly, the blame transferred from Thordis to me. 
Far too often, the responsibility is attributed to female survivors of sexual violence, and not to the males who enact it. 
Far too often, the denial and running leaves all parties at a great distance from the truth. 
There's definitely a public conversation happening now, and like a lot of people, we're heartened that there's less retreating from this difficult but important discussion. 
I feel a real responsibility to add our voices to it. 
TE: What we did is not a formula that we're prescribing for others. 
Nobody has the right to tell anyone else how to handle their deepest pain or their greatest error. 
Breaking your silence is never easy, and depending on where you are in the world, it can even be deadly to speak out about rape. 
I realize that even the most traumatic event of my life is still a testament to my privilege, because I can talk about it without getting ostracized, or even killed. 
But with that privilege of having a voice comes the responsibility of using it. 
That's the least I owe my fellow survivors who can't. 
The story we've just relayed is unique, and yet it is so common with sexual violence being a global pandemic. 
But it doesn't have to be that way. 
One of the things that I found useful on my own healing journey is educating myself about sexual violence. 
And as a result, I've been reading, writing and speaking about this issue for over a decade now, going to conferences around the world. 
And in my experience, the attendees of such events are almost exclusively women. 
But it's about time that we stop treating sexual violence as a women's issue. 
(Applause) A majority of sexual violence against women and men is perpetrated by men. 
And yet their voices are sorely underrepresented in this discussion. 
But all of us are needed here. 
Just imagine all the suffering we could alleviate if we dared to face this issue together. 
Thank you. 
(Applause) 

(Guitar) (Singing) Rollercoaster, carousel. 
Where the highs are heaven, but the lows, oh, they can be hell. 
You can grab the ring, you can ring that bell, when the ride is over, you can never tell. 
People tell you this one thing -- will make your life complete. 
So you, you give it everything you got and you wind up on the street. 
Then one day you wake up, and they tell you "you're a queen," but then you find that someone else is pulling on the strings. 
Rollercoaster, carousel. 
Where the highs are heaven, but the lows, oh, they can be hell. 
You can grab the ring, you can ring that bell, when the ride is over, you can never tell. 
The one you love, they love you -- oh yeah -- until the end of time. 
But lose your edge or lose your cool, they will drop you like a dime. 
Everyone is crowding 'round when fortune is your friend. 
When your luck is running out, you're all alone again. 
Rollercoaster, carousel. 
Where the highs are heaven but the lows, oh, they can be hell. 
You can grab the ring, you can ring that bell, when the ride is over you can never tell. 
Well, maybe I'm just cynical, and all these words are lies, but experience keeps telling me that the cautious one is wise. 
But caution makes you hesitate, and hesitate you're lost, so take your opportunities and never count the cost. 
Rollercoaster, carousel. 
Where the highs are heaven, but the lows, oh, they can be hell. 
You can grab the ring, you can ring that bell, when the ride is over -- over, over, you can never, ever tell. 
Rollercoaster, carousel, rollercoaster, yeah, yeah, yeah, carousel. 
Carousel, carousel, carousel, carousel. 
(Applause) Michael Pemberton. 
(Applause) Thank you so much. 
Thank you. 

How can we get people to do more good, to go to the polls, give to charity, conserve resources, or even to do something as simple as washing their mugs at work so that the sink isn't always full of dirty dishes? 
(Laughter) (Applause) When I first started working on this problem, I collaborated with a power company to recruit customers for a program that prevents blackouts by reducing energy demand during peaks. 
The program is based on a tried-and-true technology. 
It's one the Obama administration even called "the cornerstone to modernizing America's electrical grid." 
But, like so many great technological solutions, it has a key weakness: people. 
People need to sign up. 
To try to get people to sign up, the power company sent them a nice letter, told them about all the program's benefits, and it asked them to call into a hotline if they were interested. 
Those letters went out, but the phones, they were silent. 
So when we got involved, we suggested one small change. 
Instead of that hotline, we suggested that they use sign-up sheets that they'd post near the mailboxes in people's buildings. 
This tripled participation. 
Why? 
Well, we all know people care deeply about what others think of them, that we try to be seen as generous and kind, and we try to avoid being seen as selfish or a mooch. 
Whether we are aware of it or not, this is a big part of why people do good, and so small changes that give people more credit for doing good, those changes can make a really big difference. 
Small changes like switching from a hotline, where nobody will ever find out about your good deed, to a sign-up sheet where anyone who walks by can see your name. 
In our collaborations with governments, nonprofits, companies, when we're trying to get people to do more good, we harness the power of reputations. 
And we have a simple checklist for this. 
And in fact, you already know the first item on that checklist. 
It's to increase observability, to make sure people find out about good deeds. 
Now, wait a minute, I know some of you are probably thinking, there's no way people here thought, "Oh, well, now that I'm getting credit for my good deed, now it's totally worth it." 
And you're right. 
Usually, people don't. 
Rather, when they're making decisions in private, they worry about their own problems, about what to put on the table for dinner or how to pay their bills on time. 
But, when we make their decision more observable, they start to attend more to the opportunity to do good. 
In other words, what's so powerful about our approach is that it could turn on people's existing desire to do good, in this case, to help to prevent a blackout. 
Back to observability. 
I want to give you another example. 
This one is from a collaboration with a nonprofit that gets out the vote, and it does this by sending hundreds of thousands of letters every election in order to remind people and try to motivate them to go to the polls. 
We suggested adding the following sentence: "Someone may call you to find out about your experience at the polls." 
This sentence makes it feel more observable when you go to the polls, and it increased the effect of the letter by 50 percent. 
Making the letter more effective reduced the cost of getting an additional vote from 70 dollars down to about 40 dollars. 
Observability has been used to do things like get people to donate blood more frequently by listing the names of donors on local newsletters, or to pay their taxes on time by listing the names of delinquents on a public website. 
(Laughter) What about this example? 
Toyota got hundreds of thousands of people to buy a more fuel-efficient car by making the Prius so unique ... 
(Laughter) that their good deed was observable from a mile away. 
(Laughter) Alright, so observability is great, but we all know, we've all seen people walk by an opportunity to do good. 
They'll see somebody asking for money on the sidewalk and they'll pull out their phones and look really busy, or they'll go to the museum and they'll waltz right on by the donation box. 
Imagine it's the holiday season and you're going to the supermarket, and there's a Salvation Army volunteer, and he's ringing his bell. 
A few years ago, researchers in San Diego teamed up with a local chapter from the Salvation Army to try to find ways to increase donations. 
What they found was kind of funny. 
When the volunteer stood in front of just one door, people would avoid giving by going out the other door. 
Why? 
Well, because they can always claim, "Oh, I didn't see the volunteer," or, "I wanted to get something from over there," or, "That's where my car is." 
In other words, there's lots of excuses. 
And that brings us to the second item on our checklist: to eliminate excuses. 
In the case of the Salvation Army, eliminating excuses just means standing in front of both doors, and sure enough, when they did this, donations rose. 
But that's when things got kind of funny, even funnier. 
The researchers were out in the parking lot, and they were counting people as they came in and out of the store, and they noticed that when the volunteers stood in front of both doors, people stopped coming out of the store at all. 
(Laughter) Obviously, they were surprised by this, so they decided to look into it further, and that's when they found that there was actually a third, smaller utility door usually used to take out the recycling -- (Laughter) and now people were going out that door in order to avoid the volunteers. 
(Laughter) This teaches us an important lesson though. 
When we're trying to eliminate excuses, we need to be very thorough, because people are really creative in making them. 
(Laughter) Alright, I want to switch to a setting where excuses can have deadly consequences. 
What if I told you that the world's deadliest infectious disease has a cure, in fact, that it's had one for 70 years, a good one, one that works almost every time? 
It's incredible, but it's true. 
The disease is tuberculosis. 
It infects some 10 million people a year, and it kills almost two million of them. 
Like the blackout prevention program, we've got the solution. 
The problem is people. 
People need to take their medication so that they're cured, and so that they don't get other people sick. 
For a few years now, we've been collaborating with a mobile health startup called Keheala to support TB patients as they undergo treatment. 
Now, you have to understand, TB treatment, it's really tough. 
We're talking about taking a really strong antibiotic every single day for six months or more. 
That antibiotic is so strong that it will make you feel sick. 
It will make you feel nauseous and dizzy. 
It will make your pee turn funny colors. 
It's also a problem because you have to go back to the clinic about every week in order to get more pills, and in sub-Saharan Africa or other places where TB is common, now you're talking about going someplace pretty far, taking tough and slow public transport, maybe the clinic is inefficient. 
So now you're talking about taking a half day off of work every week from a job you desperately can't afford to lose. 
It's even worse when you consider the fact that there's a terrible stigma, and you desperately don't want people to find that you have the disease. 
Some of the toughest stories we hear are actually from women who, in these places where domestic violence can be kind of common, they tell us that they have to hide it from their husbands that they're coming to the clinic. 
So it's no surprise that people don't complete treatment. 
Can our approach really help them? 
Can we really get them to stick it out? 
Yeah. 
Every day, we text patients to remind them to take their medication, but if we stopped there, there'd be lots of excuses. 
"Well, I didn't see the text." 
Or, "You know, I saw the text, but then I totally forgot, put the phone down and I just forgot about it." 
Or, "I lent the phone out to my mom." 
We have to eliminate these excuses and we do that by asking patients to log in and verify that they've taken their medication. 
If they don't log in, we text them again. 
If they don't log in, we text them yet again. 
If, after three times, they still haven't verified, we notify a team of supporters and that team will call and text them to try to get them back on the wagon. 
No excuses. 
Our approach, which, admittedly, uses all sorts of behavioral techniques, including, as you've probably noticed, observability, it was very effective. 
Patients without access to our platform were three times more likely not to complete treatment. 
Alright, you've increased observability, you've eliminated excuses, but there's still a third thing you need to be aware of. 
If you've been to Washington, DC or Japan or London, you know that metro riders there will be very careful to stand on the right-hand side of the escalator so that people can go by on the left. 
But unfortunately, not everywhere is that the norm, and there's plenty of places where you can just stand on both sides and block the escalator. 
Obviously, it's better for others when we stand on the right and let them go by, but we're only expected to do that some places. 
This is a general phenomenon. 
Sometimes we're expected to do good and sometimes not, and it means that people are really sensitive to cues that they're expected to do good in a particular situation, which brings us to the third and final item on our checklist: to communicate expectations, to tell people, "Do the good deed right now." 
Here's a simple way to communicate expectations; simply tell them, "Hey, everybody else is doing the good deed." 
The company Opower sends people in their electricity bill a small insert that compares their energy consumption with that of people with similarly sized homes. 
And when people find out that their neighbors are using less electricity, they start to consume less. 
That same approach, it's been used to get people to vote or give to charity or even reuse their towels in hotels. 
What about this one? 
Here's another way to communicate expectations; simply do it by saying, "Do the good deed" just at the right time. 
What about this one? 
This ticker reframes the kind of mundane task of turning off the lights and turns it instead into an environmental contribution. 
The bottom line is, lots of different ways to do this, lots of ways to communicate expectations. 
Just don't forget to do it. 
And that's it. 
That's our checklist. 
Many of you are working on problems with important social consequences, and sometimes you might need to motivate people to do more good. 
The tools you learned today can help you with this. 
And these tools, they don't require that you raise additional funds or that you develop any more fancy technologies. 
They just require harnessing reputations by increasing observability, eliminating excuses and communicating expectations. 
Thank you. 
(Applause) 

So, I don't like to boast, but I am very good at finding things to be annoyed about. 
It is a real specialty of mine. 
I can hear 100 compliments and a single insult, and what do I remember? 
The insult. 
And according to the research, I'm not alone. 
Unfortunately, the human brain is wired to focus on the negative. 
Now, this might have been helpful when we were cave people, trying to avoid predators, but now it's a terrible way to go through life. 
It is a real major component of anxiety and depression. 
So how can we fight the brain's negative bias? 
According to a lot of research, one of the best weapons is gratitude. 
So knowing this, I started a new tradition in our house a couple of years ago. 
Before a meal with my wife and kids, I would say a prayer of thanksgiving. 
Prayer is not quite the right word. 
I'm agnostic, so instead of thanking God, I would thank some of the people who helped make my food a reality. 
I'd say, "I'd like to thank the farmer who grew these tomatoes, and the trucker who drove these tomatoes to the store, and the cashier who rang these tomatoes up." 
And I thought it was going pretty well, this tradition. 
Then one day, my 10-year-old son said, "You know, Dad, those people aren't in our apartment. 
They can't hear you. 
If you really cared, you would go and thank them in person." 
And I thought, "Hmm. That's an interesting idea." 
(Laughter) Now I'm a writer, and for my books I like to go on adventures. 
Go on quests. 
So I decided I'm going to take my son up on his challenge. 
It seemed simple enough. 
And to make it even simpler, I decided to focus on just one item. 
An item I can't live without: my morning cup of coffee. 
Well, it turned out to be not so simple at all. 
(Laughter) This quest took me months. 
It took me around the world. 
Because I discovered that my coffee would not be possible without hundreds of people I take for granted. 
So I would thank the trucker who drove the coffee beans to the coffee shop. 
But he couldn't have done his job without the road. 
So I would thank the people who paved the road. 
(Laughter) And then I would thank the people who made the asphalt for the pavement. 
And I came to realize that my coffee, like so much else in the world, requires the combined work of a shocking number of people from all walks of life. 
Architects, biologists, designers, miners, goat herds, you name it. 
I decided to call my project "Thanks a Thousand." 
Because I ended up thanking over a thousand people. 
And it was overwhelming, but it was also wonderful. 
Because it allowed me to focus on the hundreds of things that go right every day, as opposed to the three or four that go wrong. 
And it reminded me of the astounding interconnectedness or our world. 
I learned dozens of lessons during this project, but let me just focus on five today. 
The first is: look up. 
I started my trail of gratitude by thanking the barista at my local coffee shop, Joe Coffee in New York. 
Her name is Chung, and Chung is one of the most upbeat people you will ever meet. 
Big smiler, enthusiastic hugger. 
But even for Chung, being a barista is hard. 
And that's because you are encountering people in a very dangerous state. 
(Laughter) You know what it is -- precaffeination. 
(Laughter) So, Chung has had people yell at her until she cried, including a nine-year-old girl, who didn't like the whipped cream design that Chung did on her hot chocolate. 
So I thanked Chung, and she thanked me for thanking her. 
I cut it off there. 
I didn't want to go into an infinite thanking loop. 
(Laughter) But Chung said that the hardest part is when people don't even treat her like a human being. 
They treat her like a vending machine. 
So, they'll hand her their credit card without even looking up from their phone. 
And while she's saying this, I'm realizing I've done that. 
I've been that a-hole. 
And at that moment, I pledged: when dealing with people, I'm going to take those two seconds and look at them, make eye contact. 
Because it reminds you, you're dealing with a human being who has family and aspirations and embarrassing high school memories. 
And that little moment of connection is so important to both people's humanity and happiness. 
Alright, second lesson was: smell the roses. And the dirt. And the fertilizer. 
After Chung, I thanked this man. 
This is Ed Kaufmann. 
And Ed is the one who chooses which coffee they serve at my local coffee shop. 
He goes around the world, to South America, to Africa, finding the best coffee beans. 
So I thanked Ed. 
And in return, Ed showed me how to taste coffee like a pro. 
And it is quite a ritual. 
You take your spoon and you dip it in the coffee and then you take a big, loud slurp. 
Almost cartoonishly loud. 
This is because you want to spray the coffee all over your mouth. 
You have taste buds in the side of your cheeks, in the roof of your mouth, you've got to get them all. 
So Ed would do this and he would -- his face would light up and he would say, "This coffee tastes of Honeycrisp apple and notes of soil and maple syrup." 
And I would take a sip and I'd say, "I'm picking up coffee. 
(Laughter) It tastes to me like coffee." 
(Laughter) But inspired by Ed, I decided to really let the coffee sit on my tongue for five seconds -- we're all busy, but I could spare five seconds, and really think about the texture and the acidity and the sweetness. 
And I started to do it with other foods. 
And this idea of savoring is so important to gratitude. 
Psychologists talk about how gratitude is about taking a moment and holding on to it as long as possible. 
And slowing down time. 
So that life doesn't go by in one big blur, as it often does. 
Number three is: find the hidden masterpieces all around you. 
Now, one of my favorite conversations during this year was with the guy who invented my coffee cup lid. 
And until this point, I had given approximately zero thought to coffee cup lids. 
But I loved talking to this inventor, Doug Fleming, because he was so passionate. 
And the blood and sweat and tears he put into this lid, and that I had never even considered. 
He says a bad lid can ruin your coffee. 
That it can block the aroma, which is so important to the experience. 
So he -- he's very innovative. 
He's like the Elon Musk of coffee lids. 
(Laughter) So he designed this lid that's got an upside-down hexagon so you can get your nose right in there and get maximum aroma. 
And so I was delighted talking to him, and it made me realize there are hundreds of masterpieces all around us that we totally take for granted. 
Like the on-off switch on my desk lamp has a little indentation for my thumb that perfectly fits my thumb. 
And when something is done well, the process behind it is largely invisible. 
But paying attention to it can tap into that sense of wonder and enrich our lives. 
Number four is: fake it till you feel it. 
By the end of the project, I was just in a thanking frenzy. 
So I was -- I would get up and spend a couple hours, I'd write emails, send notes, make phone calls, visit people to thank them for their role in my coffee. 
And some of them, quite honestly -- not that into it. 
They would be like, "What is this? 
Is this a pyramid scheme, what do you want, what are you selling?" 
But most people were surprisingly moved. 
I remember, I called the woman who does the pest control for the warehouse where my coffee is served -- I'm sorry -- where my coffee is stored. 
And I said, "This may sound strange, but I want to thank you for keeping the bugs out of my coffee." 
And she said, "Well, that does sound strange, but you just made my day." 
And it was like an anti-crank phone call. 
And it didn't just affect her, it affected me. 
Because I would wake up every morning in my default mood, which is grumpiness, but I would force myself to write a thank-you note and then another and then another. 
And what I found was that if you act as if you're grateful, you eventually become grateful for real. 
The power of our actions to change our mind is astounding. 
So, often we think that thought changes behavior, but behavior very often changes our thought. 
And finally, the last lesson I want to tell you about is: practice six degrees of gratitude. 
And every place, every stop on this gratitude trail would give birth to 100 other people that I could thank. 
So I went down to Colombia to thank the farmers who grow my coffee beans. 
And it was in a small mountain town, and I was driven there along these curvy, cliffside roads. 
And every time we went around a hairpin turn the driver would do the sign of the cross. 
And I was like, "Thank you for that. 
(Laughter) But can you do that while keeping your hands on the wheel? 
Because I am terrified." 
But we made it. 
And I met the farmers, the Guarnizo brothers. 
It's a small farm, they make great coffee, they're paid above fair-trade prices for it. 
And they showed me how the coffee is grown. 
The bean is actually inside this fruit called the coffee cherry. 
And I thanked them. 
And they said, "Well, we couldn't do our job without 100 other people." 
The machine that depulps the fruit is made in Brazil, and the pickup truck they drive around the farm, that is made from parts from all over the world. 
In fact, the US exports steel to Colombia. 
So I went to Indiana, and I thanked the steel makers. 
And it just drove home that it doesn't take a village to make a cup of coffee. 
It takes the world to make a cup of coffee. 
And this global economy, this globalization, it does have downsides. 
But I believe the long-term upsides are far greater, that progress is real. 
We have made improvements in the last 50 years, poverty worldwide has gone down. 
And that we should resist the temptation to retreat into our silos. 
And we should resist this upsurge in isolationism and jingoism. 
Which brings me to my final point. 
Which is my hope that we use gratitude as a spark to action. 
Some people worry that gratitude has a downside. 
That we'll be so grateful, that we'll be complacent. 
We'll be so, "Oh, everything's wonderful, I'm so grateful." 
Well, it turns out, the opposite is true. 
The research shows that the more grateful you are, the more likely you are to help others. 
When you're in a bad state, you're often more focused on your own needs. 
But gratitude makes you want to pay it forward. 
And I experienced this personally. 
I mean, I'm not Mother Teresa, I'm still a selfish bastard a huge amount of the time. 
But I'm better than I was before this project. 
And that's because it made me aware of the exploitation on the supply chain. 
It reminded me that what I take for granted is not available to millions of people around the world. 
Like water. 
Coffee is 98.8 percent water. 
So I figured I should go and thank the people at the New York reservoir, hundreds of them, who provide me water, and this miracle that I can turn a lever and get safe water. 
And that millions of people around the world don't have this luxury and have to walk hours to get safe water. 
It inspired me to see what I could do to help people get more access, and I did research and found a wonderful group called Dispensers for Safe Water. 
And I got involved. 
And I'm not expecting the Nobel Prize committee to knock down my door, but it's a baby step, it's a little something. 
And it's all because of gratitude. 
And it's why I encourage people, friends, family, to follow gratitude trails of their own. 
Because it's a life-transforming experience. 
And it doesn't have to be coffee. 
It could be anything. 
It could be a pair of socks, it could be a light bulb. 
And you don't have to go around the world, you can just do a little gesture, like make eye contact or send a note to the designer of a logo you love. 
It's more about a mindset. 
Being aware of the thousands of people involved in every little thing we do. 
Remembering that there's someone in a factory who made the fabric for the chairs you're sitting in right now. 
That someone went into a mine and got the copper for this microphone so that I could say my final thank you, which is to thank you. 
Thank you a thousand for listening to my story. 
(Applause) (Cheering) 

Last year, I got a chance to watch the new "Star Wars" movie, which was fantastic, but one thing kept bugging me. 
I don't know if you noticed this or not. 
In this entirely technically advanced world, I did not see a single AED anywhere, which was totally shocking -- almost as shocking as not knowing what an AED is, which you guys do know. 
But for those at home, an AED is an automated external defibrillator. 
It's the device you use when your heart goes into cardiac arrest to shock it back into a normal rhythm, or, as one of the guys I was teaching a class to referred to it as: "The shocky-hearty-box thing." 
(Laughter) But I really can't blame the Empire, since health and safety regulations aren't really their first order of business. 
Though, even if we -- I think worse than not having an AED would be if there was one there, but just, no one knew where to find it. 
These devices can drastically increase your chance of survival -- almost like a tauntaun on Hoth. 
(Laughter) But I'm pretty sure that stormtrooper is going to be toast, regardless if we have an AED or not, since what happens is the chest plate is going to be quite hard to get off, and like that tauntaun, the AED has a very short window of time at which it's highly effective. 
In this case -- basically, we've got to use it within the first 10 minutes. 
The Jedi, on the other hand, have no problems with their outfits. 
Those robes open straight up, you can place the pads right onto the chest -- so upper-right-hand side of the chest, lower left, wait for the unit to determine if it's a shockable rhythm and get ready to shock. 
But, the Jedi do have a problem. 
They have a head appendage issue. 
And so I can be totally clear, thinking I'm ready to go, but I'm accidentally touching a tentacle and inadvertently shocking myself. 
(Laughter) So before you hit that button, make sure you are clear and everyone else is clear. 
Going back to that stormtrooper: If I did get that chest plate off in time, what would you do if you suddenly found there was a Wookiee under there, or possibly two Ewoks? 
(Laughter) Well, lucky for us, in the kit there's actually a razor, and we can use that to shave the chest on the upper right-hand side and the lower left. 
Wookiees also have another problem. 
They have an accessory issue. 
What we want to do is remove these -- anything between the two pads we want to remove, since it can cause something called "arcing." 
For those who don't know what arcing is, do you remember the Emperor, when he shoots electricity out the ends of his fingers -- (Laughter) that would be kind of like arcing. 
Another thing that -- Oh! By the way, he creates that by wearing wool socks under his robes. 
(Laughter) We can also get arcing if we have an extremely wet chest. 
The electricity travels across the surface instead of through the heart. 
We can correct this with the immortal words of Douglas Adams: "Don't panic," which most of us have done today -- and also always having a towel. 
So, good words to go by. 
The metal bikini -- unfortunately, this is where panic sets in -- like the modern bra, we have to make sure we remove, because this can cause severe arcing along with burns. 
But unfortunately this opens up an issue that's almost as controversial as talking about the prequels. 
(Laughter) The mere mention of the word "nipples," and people get into a little bit of a tizzy. 
By the way, that is not a nipple, that's a cupcake. 
(Laughter) Chances are, if you do have to use this, this is going to be on someone you know. 
And remember, everyone has nipples, except for Jabba. 
(Laughter) But he does love cupcakes. 
Speaking about Jabba, if we do have to use an AED on him, remember pad placement is the same, even though he doesn't have nipples. 
So it's going to be upper right-hand side, lower left. 
If we were going through, we're shocking, getting ready to go -- after we've done the shock, one of the things we need to do is remember to do compression. 
The preferred method is 30 compressions and two breaths in the center of the chest, between the nipples, pressing down at least two inches, no more than two and a half, at a rate of at least 100 beats a minute, no more than 120. 
Unfortunately, due to the size of Jabba's mouth and also what he puts in said mouth, we may not want to actually do the mouth-to-mouth part. 
So instead, we can do compression-only CPR. 
The way of remembering the compression-only part is we can actually use the Imperial March. 
I would sing it for you -- (Laughter) Unfortunately, that would be more something an interrogation droid would do. 
Yoda. 
Small little guy, like a baby. 
What we do is basically treat him like a baby, in the sense that we're going to place one pad in the center of the chest and one in the back. 
If we place them both in the front, they can be too close and cause severe arcing, so we want to avoid that. 
Hopefully, this helped to clarify and put some light on some of the darker issues of using an AED in the Star Wars universe, or any universe in total. 
I'll leave you with one point. 
Remember, if you do find yourself dealing with a Wookiee, do not shave the entire Wookiee. 
This takes way too much time, and it only pisses them off. 
(Laughter) Thank you very much. 

I want to tell you a story about a girl. 
But I can't tell you her real name. 
So let's just call her Hadiza. 
Hadiza is 20. 
She's shy, but she has a beautiful smile that lights up her face. 
But she's in constant pain. 
And she will likely be on medication for the rest of her life. 
Do you want to know why? 
Hadiza is a Chibok girl, and on April 14, 2014, she was kidnapped by Boko Haram terrorists. 
She managed to escape, though, by jumping off the truck that was carrying the girls. 
But when she landed, she broke both her legs, and she had to crawl on her tummy to hide in the bushes. 
She told me she was terrified that Boko Haram would come back for her. 
She was one of 57 girls who would escape by jumping off trucks that day. 
This story, quite rightly, caused ripples around the world. 
People like Michelle Obama, Malala and others lent their voices in protest, and at about the same time -- I was living in London at the time -- I was sent from London to Abuja to cover the World Economic Forum that Nigeria was hosting for the first time. 
But when we arrived, it was clear that there was only one story in town. 
We put the government under pressure. 
We asked tough questions about what they were doing to bring these girls back. 
Understandably, they weren't too happy with our line of questioning, and let's just say we received our fair share of "alternative facts." 
(Laughter) Influential Nigerians were telling us at the time that we were nave, we didn't understand the political situation in Nigeria. 
But they also told us that the story of the Chibok girls was a hoax. 
Sadly, this hoax narrative has persisted, and there are still people in Nigeria today who believe that the Chibok girls were never kidnapped. 
Yet I was talking to people like these -- devastated parents, who told us that on the day Boko Haram kidnapped their daughters, they ran into the Sambisa Forest after the trucks carrying their daughters. 
They were armed with machetes, but they were forced to turn back because Boko Haram had guns. 
For two years, inevitably, the news agenda moved on, and for two years, we didn't hear much about the Chibok girls. 
Everyone presumed they were dead. 
But in April last year, I was able to obtain this video. 
This is a still from the video that Boko Haram filmed as a proof of life, and through a source, I obtained this video. 
But before I could publish it, I had to travel to the northeast of Nigeria to talk to the parents, to verify it. 
I didn't have to wait too long for confirmation. 
One of the mothers, when she watched the video, told me that if she could have reached into the laptop and pulled our her child from the laptop, she would have done so. 
For those of you who are parents, like myself, in the audience, you can only imagine the anguish that that mother felt. 
This video would go on to kick-start negotiation talks with Boko Haram. 
And a Nigerian senator told me that because of this video they entered into those talks, because they had long presumed that the Chibok girls were dead. 
Twenty-one girls were freed in October last year. 
Sadly, nearly 200 of them still remain missing. 
I must confess that I have not been a dispassionate observer covering this story. 
I am furious when I think about the wasted opportunities to rescue these girls. 
I am furious when I think about what the parents have told me, that if these were daughters of the rich and the powerful, they would have been found much earlier. 
And I am furious that the hoax narrative, I firmly believe, caused a delay; it was part of the reason for the delay in their return. 
This illustrates to me the deadly danger of fake news. 
So what can we do about it? 
There are some very smart people, smart engineers at Google and Facebook, who are trying to use technology to stop the spread of fake news. 
But beyond that, I think everybody here -- you and I -- we have a role to play in that. 
We are the ones who share the content. 
We are the ones who share the stories online. 
In this day and age, we're all publishers, and we have responsibility. 
In my job as a journalist, I check, I verify. 
I trust my gut, but I ask tough questions. 
Why is this person telling me this story? 
What do they have to gain by sharing this information? 
Do they have a hidden agenda? 
I really believe that we must all start to ask tougher questions of information that we discover online. 
Research shows that some of us don't even read beyond headlines before we share stories. 
Who here has done that? 
I know I have. 
But what if we stopped taking information that we discover at face value? 
What if we stop to think about the consequence of the information that we pass on and its potential to incite violence or hatred? 
What if we stop to think about the real-life consequences of the information that we share? 
Thank you very much for listening. 
(Applause) 

I was 14 years old inside of a bowling alley, burglarizing an arcade game, and upon exiting the building a security guard grabbed my arm, so I ran. 
I ran down the street, and I jumped on top of a fence. 
And when I got to the top, the weight of 3,000 quarters in my book bag pulled me back down to the ground. 
So when I came to, the security guard was standing on top of me, and he said, "Next time you little punks steal something you can carry." 
(Laughter) I was taken to juvenile hall and when I was released into the custody of my mother, the first words my uncle said was, "How'd you get caught?" 
I said, "Man, the book bag was too heavy." 
He said, "Man, you weren't supposed to take all the quarters." 
I said, "Man, they were small. What am I supposed to do?" 
And 10 minutes later, he took me to burglarize another arcade game. 
We needed gas money to get home. 
That was my life. 
I grew up in Oakland, California, with my mother and members of my immediate family addicted to crack cocaine. 
My environment consisted of living with family, friends, and homeless shelters. 
Oftentimes, dinner was served in breadlines and soup kitchens. 
The big homey told me this: money rules the world and everything in it. 
And in these streets, money is king. 
And if you follow the money, it'll lead you to the bad guy or the good guy. 
Soon after, I committed my first crime, and it was the first time that I was told that I had potential and felt like somebody believed in me. 
Nobody ever told me that I could be a lawyer, doctor or engineer. 
I mean, how was I supposed to do that? I couldn't read, write or spell. 
I was illiterate. 
So I always thought crime was my way to go. 
And then one day I was talking to somebody and he was telling me about this robbery that we could do. 
And we did it. 
The reality was that I was growing up in the strongest financial nation in the world, the United States of America, while I watched my mother stand in line at a blood bank to sell her blood for 40 dollars just to try to feed her kids. 
She still has the needle marks on her arms to day to show for that. 
So I never cared about my community. 
They didn't care about my life. 
Everybody there was doing what they were doing to take what they wanted, the drug dealers, the robbers, the blood bank. 
Everybody was taking blood money. 
So I got mine by any means necessary. 
I got mine. 
Financial literacy really did rule the world, and I was a child slave to it following the bad guy. 
At 17 years old, I was arrested for robbery and murder and I soon learned that finances in prison rule more than they did on the streets, so I wanted in. 
One day, I rushed to grab the sports page of the newspaper so my cellie could read it to me, and I accidentally picked up the business section. 
And this old man said, "Hey youngster, you pick stocks?" 
And I said, "What's that?" 
He said, "That's the place where white folks keep all their money." 
(Laughter) And it was the first time that I saw a glimpse of hope, a future. 
He gave me this brief description of what stocks were, but it was just a glimpse. 
I mean, how was I supposed to do it? 
I couldn't read, write or spell. 
The skills that I had developed to hide my illiteracy no longer worked in this environment. 
I was trapped in a cage, prey among predators, fighting for freedom I never had. 
I was lost, tired, and I was out of options. 
So at 20 years old, I did the hardest thing I'd ever done in my life. 
I picked up a book, and it was the most agonizing time of my life, trying to learn how to read, the ostracizing from my family, the homeys. 
It was rough, man. 
It was a struggle. 
But little did I know I was receiving the greatest gifts I had ever dreamed of: self-worth, knowledge, discipline. 
I was so excited to be reading that I read everything I could get my hands on: candy wrappers, clothing logos, street signs, everything. 
I was just reading stuff! 
(Applause) Just reading stuff. 
I was so excited to know how to read and know how to spell. 
The homey came up, said, "Man, what you eating?" 
I said, "C-A-N-D-Y, candy." 
(Laughter) He said, "Let me get some." I said, "N-O. No." 
(Laughter) It was awesome. 
I mean, I can actually now for the first time in my life read. 
The feeling that I got from it was amazing. 
And then at 22, feeling myself, feeling confident, I remembered what the OG told me. 
So I picked up the business section of the newspaper. 
I wanted to find these rich white folks. 
(Laughter) So I looked for that glimpse. 
As I furthered my career in teaching others how to financially manage money and invest, I soon learned that I had to take responsibility for my own actions. 
True, I grew up in a very complex environment, but I chose to commit crimes, and I had to own up to that. 
I had to take responsibility for that, and I did. 
I was building a curriculum that could teach incarcerated men how to manage money through prison employments. 
Properly managing our lifestyle would provide transferrable tools that we can use to manage money when we reenter society, like the majority of people did who didn't commit crimes. 
Then I discovered that according to MarketWatch, over 60 percent of the American population has under 1,000 dollars in savings. 
Sports Illustrated said that over 60 percent of NBA players and NFL players go broke. 
40 percent of marital problems derive from financial issues. 
What the hell? 
(Laughter) You mean to tell me that people worked their whole lives, buying cars, clothes, homes and material stuff but were living check to check? 
How in the world were members of society going to help incarcerated individuals back into society if they couldn't manage they own stuff? 
We screwed. 
(Laughter) I needed a better plan. 
This is not going to work out too well. 
So ... 
I thought. 
I now had an obligation to meet those on the path and help, and it was crazy because I now cared about my community. 
Wow, imagine that. I cared about my community. 
Financial illiteracy is a disease that has crippled minorities and the lower class in our society for generations and generations, and we should be furious about that. 
Ask yourselves this: How can 50 percent of the American population be financially illiterate in a nation driven by financial prosperity? 
Our access to justice, our social status, living conditions, transportation and food are all dependent on money that most people can't manage. 
It's crazy! 
It's an epidemic and a bigger danger to public safety than any other issue. 
According to the California Department of Corrections, over 70 percent of those incarcerated have committed or have been charged with money-related crimes: robberies, burglaries, fraud, larceny, extortion -- and the list goes on. 
Check this out: a typical incarcerated person would enter the California prison system with no financial education, earn 30 cents an hour, over 800 dollars a year, with no real expenses and save no money. 
Upon his parole, he will be given 200 dollars gate money and told, "Hey, good luck, stay out of trouble. Don't come back to prison." 
With no meaningful preparation or long-term financial plan, what does he do ... ? 
At 60? 
Get a good job, or go back to the very criminal behavior that led him to prison in the first place? 
You taxpayers, you choose. 
Well, his education already chose for him, probably. 
So how do we cure this disease? 
I cofounded a program that we call Financial Empowerment Emotional Literacy. 
We call it FEEL, and it teaches how do you separate your emotional decisions from your financial decisions, and the four timeless rules to personal finance: the proper way to save, control your cost of living, borrow money effectively and diversify your finances by allowing your money to work for you instead of you working for it. 
Incarcerated people need these life skills before we reenter society. 
You can't have full rehabilitation without these life skills. 
This idea that only professionals can invest and manage money is absolutely ridiculous, and whoever told you that is lying. 
(Applause) A professional is a person who knows his craft better than most, and nobody knows how much money you need, have or want better than you, which means you are the professional. 
Financial literacy is not a skill, ladies and gentlemen. 
It's a lifestyle. 
Financial stability is a byproduct of a proper lifestyle. 
A financially sound incarcerated person can become a taxpaying citizen, and a financially sound taxpaying citizen can remain one. 
This allows us to create a bridge between those people who we influence: family, friends and those young people who still believe that crime and money are related. 
So let's lose the fear and anxiety of all the big financial words and all that other nonsense that you've been out there hearing. 
And let's get to the heart of what's been crippling our society from taking care of your responsibility to be better life managers. 
And let's provide a simple and easy to use curriculum that gets to the heart, the heart of what financial empowerment and emotional literacy really is. 
Now, if you're sitting out here in the audience and you said, "Oh yeah, well, that ain't me and I don't buy it," then come take my class -- (Laughter) so I can show you how much money it costs you every time you get emotional. 
(Applause) Thank you very much. Thank you. 
(Applause) 

The family of giants you work for is throwing a fancy dinner party, and they all want to look their best. 
But theres a problem  the elder giants favorite shirt is wrinkled! 
To fix it, youll need to power up the Giant Iron. 
The iron needs two giant batteries to work. 
You just had 4 working ones and 4 dead ones in separate piles, but it looks like the baby giant mixed them all up. 
You need to get the iron working and press the giant shirt, fast  or youll end up being the main course tonight! 
How can you test the batteries so that youre guaranteed to get a working pair in 7 tries or less? 
Pause the video now if you want to figure it out for yourself Answer in 3 Answer in 2 Answer in 1 You could, of course, take all eight batteries and begin testing the 28 possible combinations. 
You might get lucky within the first few tries. 
But if you dont, moving the giant batteries that many times will take way too long. 
You cant rely on luck  you need to assume the worst possibility and plan accordingly. 
However, you dont actually need to test every possible combination. 
Remember  there are four good batteries in total, meaning that any pile of six you choose will have at least two good batteries in it. 
That doesnt help you right away, since testing all six batteries could still take as many as 15 tries. 
But it does give you a clue to the solution  dividing the batteries into smaller subsets narrows down the possible results. 
So instead of six batteries, lets take any three. 
This group has a total of three possible combinations. 
Since both batteries have to be working for the iron to power up, a single failure cant tell you whether both batteries are dead, or just one. 
But if all three combinations fail, then youll know this group has either one good battery, or none at all. 
Now you can set those three aside and repeat the process for another three batteries. 
You might get a match, but if every combination fails again, youll know this set can have no more than one good battery. 
That would leave only two batteries untried. 
Since there are four good batteries in total and youve only accounted for two so far, both of these remaining ones must be good. 
Dividing the batteries into sets of 3, 3, and 2 is guaranteed to get a working result in 7 tries or less, no matter what order you test the piles in. 
With no time to spare, the iron comes to life, and you manage to get the shirt flawlessly ironed. 
The pleased elder and his family show up to the party dressed to the nines  well, almost. 

Getting a college education is a 20-year investment. 
When you're growing up poor, you're not accustomed to thinking that far ahead. 
Instead, you're thinking about where you're going to get your next meal and how your family is going to pay rent that month. 
Besides, my parents and my friends' parents seemed to be doing just fine driving taxis and working as janitors. 
It wasn't until I was a teenager when I realized I didn't want to do those things. 
By then, I was two-thirds of the way through my education, and it was almost too late to turn things around. 
When you grow up poor, you want to be rich. 
I was no different. 
I'm the second-oldest of seven, and was raised by a single mother on government aid in Queens, New York. 
By virtue of growing up low-income, my siblings and I went to some of New York City's most struggling public schools. 
I had over 60 absences when I was in seventh grade, because I didn't feel like going to class. 
My high school had a 55 percent graduation rate, and even worse, only 20 percent of the kids graduating were college-ready. 
When I actually did make it to college, I told my friend Brennan how our teachers would always ask us to raise our hands if we were going to college. 
I was taken aback when Brennan said, "Karim, I've never been asked that question before." 
It was always, "What college are you going to?" 
Just the way that question is phrased made it unacceptable for him not to have gone to college. 
Nowadays I get asked a different question. 
"How were you able to make it out?" 
For years I said I was lucky, but it's not just luck. 
When my older brother and I graduated from high school at the very same time and he later dropped out of a two-year college, I wanted to understand why he dropped out and I kept studying. 
It wasn't until I got to Cornell as a Presidential Research Scholar that I started to learn about the very real educational consequences of being raised by a single mother on government aid and attending the schools that I did. 
That's when my older brother's trajectory began to make complete sense to me. 
I also learned that our most admirable education reformers, people like Arne Duncan, the former US Secretary of Education, or Wendy Kopp, the founder of Teach For America, had never attended an inner city public school like I had. 
So much of our education reform is driven by a sympathetic approach, where people are saying, "Let's go and help these poor inner city kids, or these poor black and Latino kids," instead of an empathetic approach, where someone like me, who had grown up in this environment, could say, "I know the adversities that you're facing and I want to help you overcome them." 
Today when I get questions about how I made it out, I share that one of the biggest reasons is that I wasn't ashamed to ask for help. 
In a typical middle class or affluent household, if a kid is struggling, there's a good chance that a parent or a teacher will come to their rescue even if they don't ask for help. 
However, if that same kid is growing up poor and doesn't ask for help, there's a good chance that no one will help them. 
There are virtually no social safety nets available. 
So seven years ago, I started to reform our public education system shaped by my firsthand perspective. 
And I started with summer school. 
Research tells us that two-thirds of the achievement gap, which is the disparity in educational attainment between rich kids and poor kids or black kids and white kids, could be directly attributed to the summer learning loss. 
In low-income neighborhoods, kids forget almost three months of what they learned during the school year over the summer. 
They return to school in the fall, and their teachers spend another two months reteaching them old material. 
That's five months. 
The school year in the United States is only 10 months. 
If kids lose five months of learning every single year, that's half of their education. 
Half. 
If kids were in school over the summer, then they couldn't regress, but traditional summer school is poorly designed. 
For kids it feels like punishment, and for teachers it feels like babysitting. 
But how can we expect principals to execute an effective summer program when the school year ends the last week of June and then summer school starts just one week later? 
There just isn't enough time to find the right people, sort out the logistics, and design an engaging curriculum that excites kids and teachers. 
But what if we created a program over the summer that empowered teachers as teaching coaches to develop aspiring educators? 
What if we empowered college-educated role models as teaching fellows to help kids realize their college ambitions? 
What if empowered high-achieving kids as mentors to tutor their younger peers and inspire them to invest in their education? 
What if we empowered all kids as scholars, asked them what colleges they were going to, designed a summer school they want to attend to completely eliminate the summer learning loss and close two-thirds of the achievement gap? 
By this summer, my team will have served over 4,000 low-income children, trained over 300 aspiring teachers and created more than 1,000 seasonal jobs across some of New York City's most disadvantaged neighborhoods. 
(Applause) And our kids are succeeding. 
Two years of independent evaluations tell us that our kids eliminate the summer learning loss and make growth of one month in math and two months in reading. 
So instead of returning to school in the fall three months behind, they now go back four months ahead in math and five months ahead in reading. 
(Applause) Ten years ago, if you would have told me that I'd graduate in the top 10 percent of my class from an Ivy League institution and have an opportunity to make a dent on our public education system just by tackling two months of the calendar year, I would have said, "Nah. No way." 
What's even more exciting is that if we can prevent five months of lost time just by redesigning two months, imagine the possibilities that we can unlock by tackling the rest of the calendar year. 
Thank you. 
(Applause) 

Take a look at this work of art. 
What is it that you see? 
At first glance, it looks to be a grandfather clock with a sheet thrown over it and a rope tied around the center. 
But a first look always warrants a second. 
Look again. 
What do you see now? 
If you look more closely, you'll realize that this entire work of art is made from one piece of sculpture. 
There is no clock, there is no rope, and there is no sheet. 
It is one piece of bleached Honduras mahogany. 
Now let me be clear: this exercise was not about looking at sculpture. 
It's about looking and understanding that looking closely can save a life, change your company and even help you understand why your children behave the way they do. 
It's a skill that I call visual intelligence, and I use works of art to teach everybody, from everyday people to those for whom looking is the job, like Navy SEALs and homicide detectives and trauma nurses. 
The fact is that no matter how skilled you might be at looking, you still have so much to learn about seeing. 
Because we all think we get it in a first glance and a sudden flash, but the real skill is in understanding how to look slowly and how to look more carefully. 
The talent is in remembering -- in the crush of the daily urgencies that demand our attention -- to step back and look through those lenses to help us see what we've been missing all along. 
So how can looking at painting and sculpture help? 
Because art is a powerful tool. 
It's a powerful tool that engages both sight and insight and reframes our understanding of where we are and what we see. 
Here's an example of a work of art that reminded me that visual intelligence -- it's an ongoing learning process and one that really is never mastered. 
I came across this quiet, seemingly abstract painting, and I had to step up to it twice, even three times, to understand why it resonated so deeply. 
Now, I've seen the Washington Monument in person thousands of times, well aware of the change in the color of marble a third of the way up, but I had never really looked at it out of context or truly as a work of art. 
And here, Georgia O'Keeffe's painting of this architectural icon made me realize that if we put our mind to it, it's possible to see everyday things in a wholly new and eye-opening perspective. 
Now, there are some skeptics that believe that art just belongs in an art museum. 
They believe that it has no practical use beyond its aesthetic value. 
I know who they are in every audience I teach. 
Their arms are crossed, their legs are crossed, their body language is saying, "What am I going to learn from this lady who talks fast about painting and sculpture?" 
So how do I make it relevant for them? 
I ask them to look at this work of art, like this portrait by Kumi Yamashita. 
And I ask them to step in close, and even closer still, and while they're looking at the work of art, they need to be asking questions about what they see. 
And if they ask the right questions, like, "What is this work of art? 
Is it a painting? Is it a sculpture? 
What is it made of?" ... 
they will find out that this entire work of art is made of a wooden board, 10,000 nails and one unbroken piece of sewing thread. 
Now that might be interesting to some of you, but what does it have to do with the work that these people do? 
And the answer is everything. 
Because we all interact with people multiple times on a daily basis, and we need to get better at asking questions about what it is that we see. 
Learning to frame the question in such a way as to elicit the information that we need to do our jobs, is a critical life skill. 
Like the radiologist who told me that looking at the negative spaces in a painting helped her discern more discreet abnormalities in an MRI. 
Or the police officer who said that understanding the emotional dynamic between people in a painting helped him to read body language at a domestic violence crime scene, and it enabled him to think twice before drawing and firing his weapon. 
And even parents can look to see absences of color in paintings to understand that what their children say to them is as important as what they don't say. 
So how do I -- how do I train to be more visually intelligent? 
It comes down to four As. 
Every new situation, every new problem -- we practice four As. 
First, we assess our situation. 
We ask, "What do we have in front of us?" 
Then, we analyze it. 
We say, "What's important? 
What do I need? What don't I need?" 
Then, we articulate it in a conversation, in a memo, in a text, in an email. 
And then, we act: we make a decision. 
We all do this multiple times a day, but we don't realize what a role seeing and looking plays in all of those actions, and how visual intelligence can really improve everything. 
So recently, I had a group of counterterrorism officials at a museum in front of this painting. 
El Greco's painting, "The Purification of the Temple," in which Christ, in the center, in a sweeping and violent gesture, is expelling the sinners from the temple of prayer. 
The group of counterterrorism officials had five minutes with that painting, and in that short amount of time, they had to assess the situation, analyze the details, articulate what, if anything, they would do if they were in that painting. 
As you can imagine, observations and insights differed. 
Who would they talk to? 
Who would be the best witness? 
Who was a good potential witness? 
Who was lurking? 
Who had the most information? 
But my favorite comment came from a seasoned cop who looked at the central figure and said, "You see that guy in the pink?" -- referring to Christ -- he said, "I'd collar him, he's causing all the trouble." 
(Laughter) So looking at art gives us a perfect vehicle to rethink how we solve problems without the aid of technology. 
Looking at the work of Felix Gonzalez-Torres, you see two clocks in perfect synchronicity. 
The hour, minute and second hand perfectly aligned. 
They are installed side by side and they're touching, and they are entitled "'Untitled' (Perfect Lovers)." 
But closer analysis makes you realize that these are two battery-operated clocks, which in turn makes you understand -- "Hey, wait a minute ... 
One of those batteries is going to stop before the other. 
One of those clocks is going to slow down and die before the other and it's going to alter the symmetry of the artwork." 
Just articulating that thought process includes the necessity of a contingency plan. 
You need to have contingencies for the unforeseen, the unexpected and the unknown, whenever and however they may happen. 
Now, using art to increase our visual intelligence involves planning for contingencies, understanding the big picture and the small details and noticing what's not there. 
So in this painting by Magritte, noticing that there are no tracks under the train, there is no fire in the fireplace and there are no candles in the candlesticks actually more accurately describes the painting than if you were to say, "Well, there's a train coming out of a fireplace, and there are candlesticks on the mantle." 
It may sound counterintuitive to say what isn't there, but it's really a very valuable tool. 
When a detective who had learned about visual intelligence in North Carolina was called to the crime scene, it was a boating fatality, and the eyewitness told this detective that the boat had flipped over and the occupant had drowned underneath. 
Now, instinctively, crime scene investigators look for what is apparent, but this detective did something different. 
He looked for what wasn't there, which is harder to do. 
And he raised the question: if the boat had really tipped flipped over -- as the eyewitness said that it did -- how come the papers that were kept at one end of the boat were completely dry? 
Based on that one small but critical observation, the investigation shifted from accidental death to homicide. 
Now, equally important to saying what isn't there is the ability to find visual connections where they may not be apparent. 
Like Marie Watt's totem pole of blankets. 
It illustrates that finding hidden connections in everyday objects can resonate so deeply. 
The artist collected blankets from all different people in her community, and she had the owners of the blankets write, on a tag, the significance of the blanket to the family. 
Some of the blankets had been used for baby blankets, some of them had been used as picnic blankets, some of them had been used for the dog. 
We all have blankets in our homes and understand the significance that they play. 
But similarly, I instruct new doctors: when they walk into a patient's room, before they pick up that medical chart, just look around the room. 
Are there balloons or cards, or that special blanket on the bed? 
That tells the doctor there's a connection to the outside world. 
If that patient has someone in the outside world to assist them and help them, the doctor can implement the best care with that connection in mind. 
In medicine, people are connected as humans before they're identified as doctor and patient. 
But this method of enhancing perception -- it need not be disruptive, and it doesn't necessitate an overhaul in looking. 
Like Jorge Mndez Blake's sculpture of building a brick wall above Kafka's book "El Castillo" shows that more astute observation can be subtle and yet invaluable. 
You can discern the book, and you can see how it disrupted the symmetry of the bricks directly above it, but by the time you get to the end of the sculpture, you can no longer see the book. 
But looking at the work of art in its entirety, you see that the impact of the work's disruption on the bricks is nuanced and unmistakable. 
One thought, one idea, one innovation can alter an approach, change a process and even save lives. 
I've been teaching visual intelligence for over 15 years, and to my great amazement and astonishment -- to my never-ending astonishment and amazement, I have seen that looking at art with a critical eye can help to anchor us in our world of uncharted waters, whether you are a paramilitary trooper, a caregiver, a doctor or a mother. 
Because let's face it, things go wrong. 
(Laughter) Things go wrong. 
And don't misunderstand me, I'd eat that doughnut in a minute. 
(Laughter) But we need to understand the consequences of what it is that we observe, and we need to convert observable details into actionable knowledge. 
Like Jennifer Odem's sculpture of tables standing sentinel on the banks of the Mississippi River in New Orleans, guarding against the threat of post-Katrina floodwaters and rising up against adversity, we too have the ability to act affirmatively and affect positive change. 
I have been mining the world of art to help people across the professional spectrum to see the extraordinary in the everyday, to articulate what is absent and to be able to inspire creativity and innovation, no matter how small. 
And most importantly, to forge human connections where they may not be apparent, empowering us all to see our work and the world writ large with a new set of eyes. 
Thank you. 
(Applause) 

I have a confession. 
I have been in an affair since I was 17 years old. 
I wish I could talk about butterflies in my stomach or maps I drew on the ground when I think about this affair, but I cannot. 
I wish I could talk about sweet words spoken or gifts that I received from this affair, but I cannot. 
All I can tell you about is the aftermath, about days I spent constantly asking: Why, why, why me? 
I remember how it all began. 
I was in my final year of high school, and my class had just won in sports, so we were singing and dancing and hugging each other. 
I went and took a shower. 
Then I went for dinner. 
And when I sat down to eat, my teeth started chattering, and so I couldn't put the spoon in my mouth. 
I rushed to the nurse's office, and because I couldn't talk, I just pointed at my mouth. 
She didn't know what was happening, so she told me to lie down, and it worked -- after a few minutes, the chattering stopped. 
I was about to dash out, and she told me -- no, she insisted -- that I go up to the dormitories to sleep. 
Here I was in my final year of high school, just a few months from doing my end of high school exams and a few days from doing a set of exams we call here in Kenya "mocks," which are somehow meant to gauge how prepared one is for the final exams. 
There is no way I was going to sleep and let a set of exams mock me. 
I went to class, sat down, took my Kenyan history notes, and there I was, down Kenyan coastal town, with the great Mekatilili wa Menza, the Giriama woman who led her people against British colonial rule. 
Then, without any notice, my left hand started jerking, and it was as if I was marking imaginary papers. 
In and out it went, and with every stroke, one by one, my classmates stopped concentrating on their reading and started looking at me. 
And I tried really hard to stop it, but I couldn't, because it had a life of its own. 
And then, when it was sure everybody was looking at us, in its final show and official introduction, I had my first full-blown seizure, which was the beginning of what has been a 15-year-long affair. 
Seizures are the trademark characteristic for most types of epilepsy, and every first-ever seizure needs to be assessed by a doctor to determine if one has epilepsy or if it's a symptom of something else. 
In my case, it was confirmed that I had epilepsy. 
I spent a large chunk of my time in hospital and at home, and only went back to do my final exams. 
I had seizures in between papers, but managed to get good enough grades to be admitted for an actuarial science degree at the University of Nairobi. 
(Applause) Unfortunately, I had to drop out in my second year. 
I didn't have good enough coping skills and a support community around me. 
I was lucky enough to get a job, but I was fired from that job when I had a seizure in the workplace. 
So I found myself in a space where I was constantly asking myself why this had to happen to me. 
I lived in denial for a long time, and the denial was maybe because of the things that had happened, dropping out of school and being fired from my job. 
Or maybe it was because of the things I had heard about epilepsy and about people living with epilepsy: that they would never live on their own; that they would never travel on their own or even get work; that they were outcasts, with a spirit in them that they needed to be delivered from. 
And so the more I thought about these things, the more my seizures became, and I spent days with my legs locked, my speech became blurred and on days on end, this is how I'd be. 
Two or three days after a seizure, my head and my hand would still be twitching. 
I felt lost, like I'd lost everything, and sometimes, even the will to live. 
(Sigh) I had so much frustration in me. 
And so I started writing, because the people around me didn't have answers to the questions that I had. 
And so I wrote my fears and my doubts. 
I wrote about my good days and my bad days and my really ugly days, and I shared them on a blog. 
And before long, I began to be seen and heard by people who had epilepsy and their families, and even those who did not have the diagnosis. 
And I moved from that girl who constantly asked why me to one who not only self-advocates, but does it for those who are yet to find their voices. 
(Applause) My seizures are greatly reduced, from two to three times a day, to sometimes two to three times in one year. 
I went on -- (Applause) I went on to employ five people, when I began what was Kenya's first free mental health and epilepsy support line. 
And I travel -- (Applause) And I travel to speak about my affair, all these things that I had been told people like me living with epilepsy could never be able to do. 
Every year, a population as big as 80 percent of Nairobi gets diagnosed with epilepsy across the globe. 
And they, like me, go through the emotions of stigma and exclusion. 
And so I have made it my life journey to keep these conversations going, and I keep confessing about my affair so that those people who do not have the diagnosis might know and might have a constant reminder that it is alright to engage with people like us, that as long as they pull down the walls of stigma and exclusion, that we, just like them, can be able to take anything life throws at us. 
Thank you. 
(Applause) 

(Music) Sophie Hawley-Weld: OK, you don't have to stand up, but ... 
we can see you really clearly -- (Laughter) So you have to dance with us. 
And we have this, like, choreographed dance thing that we're about to do -- Betta Lemme: Really easy. 
SHW: And we're going to flick our wrists like this, and you're going to do it with us. 
And you can also stand up. 
(Music) (Sings) I know I did not raise a wrist (Both sing) I know I did not capture it It came, it came, it went, it went It conquered quick I was there and then I quit Awoo! 
I know I did not raise a wrist I know I did not capture it It came, it came, it went, it went It conquered quick I was there and then I quit Awoo! 
BL: (Speaks) There you go! 
(Music) SHW: We have another one coming up. 
It's a little finger-pointing dance. 
(Music) The people sitting down, I want to see your fingers pointing. 
Yeah! 
(Sings) I know I did not raise a wrist (Both sing) I know I did not capture it It came, it came, it went, it went It conquered quick I was there and then I quit Aaaa ... 
(Applause) Awoo! 
(Music) (Clapping to the beat) (Music) Aaaa ... 
SHW: (Speaks) Alright, hand flick. 
(Both sing) I know I did not raise a wrist I know I did not capture it It came, it came, it went, it went It conquered quick I was there and then I quit I know I did not raise a wrist I know I did not capture it It came, it came, it went, it went It conquered quick I was there and then I quit (Music) Tucker Halpern: You guys are way more fun than I thought you'd be. 
(Laughter) (Music) Awoo! 
(Applause) SHW: Thank you so much. 
(Applause) 

My seven-year-old grandson sleeps just down the hall from me, and he wakes up a lot of mornings and he says, "You know, this could be the best day ever." 
And other times, in the middle of the night, he calls out in a tremulous voice, "Nana, will you ever get sick and die?" 
I think this pretty much says it for me and most of the people I know, that we're a mixed grill of happy anticipation and dread. 
So I sat down a few days before my 61st birthday, and I decided to compile a list of everything I know for sure. 
There's so little truth in the popular culture, and it's good to be sure of a few things. 
For instance, I am no longer 47, although this is the age I feel, and the age I like to think of myself as being. 
My friend Paul used to say in his late 70s that he felt like a young man with something really wrong with him. 
(Laughter) Our true person is outside of time and space, but looking at the paperwork, I can, in fact, see that I was born in 1954. 
My inside self is outside of time and space. 
It doesn't have an age. 
I'm every age I've ever been, and so are you, although I can't help mentioning as an aside that it might have been helpful if I hadn't followed the skin care rules of the '60s, which involved getting as much sun as possible while slathered in baby oil and basking in the glow of a tinfoil reflector shield. 
(Laughter) It was so liberating, though, to face the truth that I was no longer in the last throes of middle age, that I decided to write down every single true thing I know. 
People feel really doomed and overwhelmed these days, and they keep asking me what's true. 
So I hope that my list of things I'm almost positive about might offer some basic operating instructions to anyone who is feeling really overwhelmed or beleaguered. 
Number one: the first and truest thing is that all truth is a paradox. 
Life is both a precious, unfathomably beautiful gift, and it's impossible here, on the incarnational side of things. 
It's been a very bad match for those of us who were born extremely sensitive. 
It's so hard and weird that we sometimes wonder if we're being punked. 
It's filled simultaneously with heartbreaking sweetness and beauty, desperate poverty, floods and babies and acne and Mozart, all swirled together. 
I don't think it's an ideal system. 
(Laughter) Number two: almost everything will work again if you unplug it for a few minutes -- (Laughter) (Applause) including you. 
Three: there is almost nothing outside of you that will help in any kind of lasting way, unless you're waiting for an organ. 
You can't buy, achieve or date serenity and peace of mind. 
This is the most horrible truth, and I so resent it. 
But it's an inside job, and we can't arrange peace or lasting improvement for the people we love most in the world. 
They have to find their own ways, their own answers. 
You can't run alongside your grown children with sunscreen and ChapStick on their hero's journey. 
You have to release them. 
It's disrespectful not to. 
And if it's someone else's problem, you probably don't have the answer, anyway. 
(Laughter) Our help is usually not very helpful. 
Our help is often toxic. 
And help is the sunny side of control. 
Stop helping so much. 
Don't get your help and goodness all over everybody. 
(Laughter) (Applause) This brings us to number four: everyone is screwed up, broken, clingy and scared, even the people who seem to have it most together. 
They are much more like you than you would believe, so try not to compare your insides to other people's outsides. 
It will only make you worse than you already are. 
(Laughter) Also, you can't save, fix or rescue any of them or get anyone sober. 
What helped me get clean and sober 30 years ago was the catastrophe of my behavior and thinking. 
So I asked some sober friends for help, and I turned to a higher power. 
One acronym for God is the "gift of desperation," G-O-D, or as a sober friend put it, by the end I was deteriorating faster than I could lower my standards. 
(Laughter) So God might mean, in this case, "me running out of any more good ideas." 
While fixing and saving and trying to rescue is futile, radical self-care is quantum, and it radiates out from you into the atmosphere like a little fresh air. 
It's a huge gift to the world. 
When people respond by saying, "Well, isn't she full of herself," just smile obliquely like Mona Lisa and make both of you a nice cup of tea. 
Being full of affection for one's goofy, self-centered, cranky, annoying self is home. 
It's where world peace begins. 
Number five: chocolate with 75 percent cacao is not actually a food. 
(Laughter) Its best use is as a bait in snake traps or to balance the legs of wobbly chairs. 
It was never meant to be considered an edible. 
Number six -- (Laughter) writing. 
Every writer you know writes really terrible first drafts, but they keep their butt in the chair. 
That's the secret of life. 
That's probably the main difference between you and them. 
They just do it. 
They do it by prearrangement with themselves. 
They do it as a debt of honor. 
They tell stories that come through them one day at a time, little by little. 
When my older brother was in fourth grade, he had a term paper on birds due the next day, and he hadn't started. 
So my dad sat down with him with an Audubon book, paper, pencils and brads -- for those of you who have gotten a little less young and remember brads -- and he said to my brother, "Just take it bird by bird, buddy. 
Just read about pelicans and then write about pelicans in your own voice. 
And then find out about chickadees, and tell us about them in your own voice. 
And then geese." 
So the two most important things about writing are: bird by bird and really god-awful first drafts. 
If you don't know where to start, remember that every single thing that happened to you is yours, and you get to tell it. 
If people wanted you to write more warmly about them, they should've behaved better. 
(Laughter) (Applause) You're going to feel like hell if you wake up someday and you never wrote the stuff that is tugging on the sleeves of your heart: your stories, memories, visions and songs -- your truth, your version of things -- in your own voice. 
That's really all you have to offer us, and that's also why you were born. 
Seven: publication and temporary creative successes are something you have to recover from. 
They kill as many people as not. 
They will hurt, damage and change you in ways you cannot imagine. 
The most degraded and evil people I've ever known are male writers who've had huge best sellers. 
And yet, returning to number one, that all truth is paradox, it's also a miracle to get your work published, to get your stories read and heard. 
Just try to bust yourself gently of the fantasy that publication will heal you, that it will fill the Swiss-cheesy holes inside of you. 
It can't. 
It won't. 
But writing can. 
So can singing in a choir or a bluegrass band. 
So can painting community murals or birding or fostering old dogs that no one else will. 
Number eight: families. 
Families are hard, hard, hard, no matter how cherished and astonishing they may also be. 
Again, see number one. 
(Laughter) At family gatherings where you suddenly feel homicidal or suicidal -- (Laughter) remember that in all cases, it's a miracle that any of us, specifically, were conceived and born. 
Earth is forgiveness school. 
It begins with forgiving yourself, and then you might as well start at the dinner table. 
That way, you can do this work in comfortable pants. 
(Laughter) When William Blake said that we are here to learn to endure the beams of love, he knew that your family would be an intimate part of this, even as you want to run screaming for your cute little life. 
But I promise you are up to it. 
You can do it, Cinderella, you can do it, and you will be amazed. 
Nine: food. 
Try to do a little better. 
I think you know what I mean. 
(Laughter) Number 10 -- (Laughter) grace. 
Grace is spiritual WD-40, or water wings. 
The mystery of grace is that God loves Henry Kissinger and Vladimir Putin and me exactly as much as He or She loves your new grandchild. 
Go figure. 
(Laughter) The movement of grace is what changes us, heals us and heals our world. 
To summon grace, say, "Help," and then buckle up. 
Grace finds you exactly where you are, but it doesn't leave you where it found you. 
And grace won't look like Casper the Friendly Ghost, regrettably. 
But the phone will ring or the mail will come and then against all odds, you'll get your sense of humor about yourself back. 
Laughter really is carbonated holiness. 
It helps us breathe again and again and gives us back to ourselves, and this gives us faith in life and each other. 
And remember -- grace always bats last. 
Eleven: God just means goodness. 
It's really not all that scary. 
It means the divine or a loving, animating intelligence, or, as we learned from the great "Deteriorata," "the cosmic muffin." 
A good name for God is: "Not me." 
Emerson said that the happiest person on Earth is the one who learns from nature the lessons of worship. 
So go outside a lot and look up. 
My pastor said you can trap bees on the bottom of mason jars without lids because they don't look up, so they just walk around bitterly bumping into the glass walls. 
Go outside. Look up. 
Secret of life. 
And finally: death. 
Number 12. 
Wow and yikes. 
It's so hard to bear when the few people you cannot live without die. 
You'll never get over these losses, and no matter what the culture says, you're not supposed to. 
We Christians like to think of death as a major change of address, but in any case, the person will live again fully in your heart if you don't seal it off. 
Like Leonard Cohen said, "There are cracks in everything, and that's how the light gets in." 
And that's how we feel our people again fully alive. 
Also, the people will make you laugh out loud at the most inconvenient times, and that's the great good news. 
But their absence will also be a lifelong nightmare of homesickness for you. 
Grief and friends, time and tears will heal you to some extent. 
Tears will bathe and baptize and hydrate and moisturize you and the ground on which you walk. 
Do you know the first thing that God says to Moses? 
He says, "Take off your shoes." 
Because this is holy ground, all evidence to the contrary. 
It's hard to believe, but it's the truest thing I know. 
When you're a little bit older, like my tiny personal self, you realize that death is as sacred as birth. 
And don't worry -- get on with your life. 
Almost every single death is easy and gentle with the very best people surrounding you for as long as you need. 
You won't be alone. 
They'll help you cross over to whatever awaits us. 
As Ram Dass said, "When all is said and done, we're really just all walking each other home." 
I think that's it, but if I think of anything else, I'll let you know. 
Thank you. 
(Applause) Thank you. 
(Applause) I was very surprised to be asked to come, because it is not my realm, technology or design or entertainment. 
I mean, my realm is sort of faith and writing and kind of lurching along together. 
And I was surprised, but they said I could give a talk, and I said I'd love to. 
(Video) If you don't know where to start, remember that every single thing that happened to you is yours and you get to tell it. 
Anne Lamott: People are very frightened and feel really doomed in America these days, and I just wanted to help people get their sense of humor about it and to realize how much isn't a problem. 
If you take an action, take a really healthy or loving or friendly action, you'll have loving and friendly feelings. 

I'm going to speak to you about the global refugee crisis and my aim is to show you that this crisis is manageable, not unsolvable, but also show you that this is as much about us and who we are as it is a trial of the refugees on the front line. 
For me, this is not just a professional obligation, because I run an NGO supporting refugees and displaced people around the world. 
It's personal. 
I love this picture. 
That really handsome guy on the right, that's not me. 
That's my dad, Ralph, in London, in 1940 with his father Samuel. 
They were Jewish refugees from Belgium. 
They fled the day the Nazis invaded. 
And I love this picture, too. 
It's a group of refugee children arriving in England in 1946 from Poland. 
And in the middle is my mother, Marion. 
She was sent to start a new life in a new country on her own at the age of 12. 
I know this: if Britain had not admitted refugees in the 1940s, I certainly would not be here today. 
Yet 70 years on, the wheel has come full circle. 
The sound is of walls being built, vengeful political rhetoric, humanitarian values and principles on fire in the very countries that 70 years ago said never again to statelessness and hopelessness for the victims of war. 
Last year, every minute, 24 more people were displaced from their homes by conflict, violence and persecution: another chemical weapon attack in Syria, the Taliban on the rampage in Afghanistan, girls driven from their school in northeast Nigeria by Boko Haram. 
These are not people moving to another country to get a better life. 
They're fleeing for their lives. 
It's a real tragedy that the world's most famous refugee can't come to speak to you here today. 
Many of you will know this picture. 
It shows the lifeless body of five-year-old Alan Kurdi, a Syrian refugee who died in the Mediterranean in 2015. 
He died alongside 3,700 others trying to get to Europe. 
The next year, 2016, 5,000 people died. 
It's too late for them, but it's not too late for millions of others. 
It's not too late for people like Frederick. 
I met him in the Nyarugusu refugee camp in Tanzania. 
He's from Burundi. 
He wanted to know where could he complete his studies. 
He'd done 11 years of schooling. He wanted a 12th year. 
He said to me, "I pray that my days do not end here in this refugee camp." 
And it's not too late for Halud. 
Her parents were Palestinian refugees living in the Yarmouk refugee camp outside Damascus. 
She was born to refugee parents, and now she's a refugee herself in Lebanon. 
She's working for the International Rescue Committee to help other refugees, but she has no certainty at all about her future, where it is or what it holds. 
This talk is about Frederick, about Halud and about millions like them: why they're displaced, how they survive, what help they need and what our responsibilities are. 
I truly believe this, that the biggest question in the 21st century concerns our duty to strangers. 
The future "you" is about your duties to strangers. 
You know better than anyone, the world is more connected than ever before, yet the great danger is that we're consumed by our divisions. 
And there is no better test of that than how we treat refugees. 
Here are the facts: 65 million people displaced from their homes by violence and persecution last year. 
If it was a country, that would be the 21st largest country in the world. 
Most of those people, about 40 million, stay within their own home country, but 25 million are refugees. 
That means they cross a border into a neighboring state. 
Most of them are living in poor countries, relatively poor or lower-middle-income countries, like Lebanon, where Halud is living. 
In Lebanon, one in four people is a refugee, a quarter of the whole population. 
And refugees stay for a long time. 
The average length of displacement is 10 years. 
I went to what was the world's largest refugee camp, in eastern Kenya. 
It's called Dadaab. 
It was built in 1991-92 as a "temporary camp" for Somalis fleeing the civil war. 
I met Silo. 
And navely I said to Silo, "Do you think you'll ever go home to Somalia?" 
And she said, "What do you mean, go home? 
I was born here." 
And then when I asked the camp management how many of the 330,000 people in that camp were born there, they gave me the answer: 100,000. 
That's what long-term displacement means. 
Now, the causes of this are deep: weak states that can't support their own people, an international political system weaker than at any time since 1945 and differences over theology, governance, engagement with the outside world in significant parts of the Muslim world. 
Now, those are long-term, generational challenges. 
That's why I say that this refugee crisis is a trend and not a blip. 
And it's complex, and when you have big, large, long-term, complex problems, people think nothing can be done. 
When Pope Francis went to Lampedusa, off the coast of Italy, in 2014, he accused all of us and the global population of what he called "the globalization of indifference." 
It's a haunting phrase. 
It means that our hearts have turned to stone. 
Now, I don't know, you tell me. 
Are you allowed to argue with the Pope, even at a TED conference? 
But I think it's not right. 
I think people do want to make a difference, but they just don't know whether there are any solutions to this crisis. 
And what I want to tell you today is that though the problems are real, the solutions are real, too. 
Solution one: these refugees need to get into work in the countries where they're living, and the countries where they're living need massive economic support. 
In Uganda in 2014, they did a study: 80 percent of refugees in the capital city Kampala needed no humanitarian aid because they were working. 
They were supported into work. 
Solution number two: education for kids is a lifeline, not a luxury, when you're displaced for so long. 
Kids can bounce back when they're given the proper social, emotional support alongside literacy and numeracy. 
I've seen it for myself. 
But half of the world's refugee children of primary school age get no education at all, and three-quarters of secondary school age get no education at all. 
That's crazy. 
Solution number three: most refugees are in urban areas, in cities, not in camps. 
What would you or I want if we were a refugee in a city? 
We would want money to pay rent or buy clothes. 
That is the future of the humanitarian system, or a significant part of it: give people cash so that you boost the power of refugees and you'll help the local economy. 
And there's a fourth solution, too, that's controversial but needs to be talked about. 
The most vulnerable refugees need to be given a new start and a new life in a new country, including in the West. 
The numbers are relatively small, hundreds of thousands, not millions, but the symbolism is huge. 
Now is not the time to be banning refugees, as the Trump administration proposes. 
It's a time to be embracing people who are victims of terror. 
And remember -- (Applause) Remember, anyone who asks you, "Are they properly vetted?" 
that's a really sensible and good question to ask. 
The truth is, refugees arriving for resettlement are more vetted than any other population arriving in our countries. 
So while it's reasonable to ask the question, it's not reasonable to say that refugee is another word for terrorist. 
Now, what happens -- (Applause) What happens when refugees can't get work, they can't get their kids into school, they can't get cash, they can't get a legal route to hope? 
What happens is they take risky journeys. 
I went to Lesbos, this beautiful Greek island, two years ago. 
It's a home to 90,000 people. 
In one year, 500,000 refugees went across the island. 
And I want to show you what I saw when I drove across to the north of the island: a pile of life jackets of those who had made it to shore. 
And when I looked closer, there were small life jackets for children, yellow ones. 
And I took this picture. 
You probably can't see the writing, but I want to read it for you. 
"Warning: will not protect against drowning." 
So in the 21st century, children are being given life jackets to reach safety in Europe even though those jackets will not save their lives if they fall out of the boat that is taking them there. 
This is not just a crisis, it's a test. 
It's a test that civilizations have faced down the ages. 
It's a test of our humanity. 
It's a test of us in the Western world of who we are and what we stand for. 
It's a test of our character, not just our policies. 
And refugees are a hard case. 
They do come from faraway parts of the world. 
They have been through trauma. 
They're often of a different religion. 
Those are precisely the reasons we should be helping refugees, not a reason not to help them. 
And it's a reason to help them because of what it says about us. 
It's revealing of our values. 
Empathy and altruism are two of the foundations of civilization. 
Turn that empathy and altruism into action and we live out a basic moral credo. 
And in the modern world, we have no excuse. 
We can't say we don't know what's happening in Juba, South Sudan, or Aleppo, Syria. 
It's there, in our smartphone in our hand. 
Ignorance is no excuse at all. 
Fail to help, and we show we have no moral compass at all. 
It's also revealing about whether we know our own history. 
The reason that refugees have rights around the world is because of extraordinary Western leadership by statesmen and women after the Second World War that became universal rights. 
Trash the protections of refugees, and we trash our own history. 
This is -- (Applause) This is also revealing about the power of democracy as a refuge from dictatorship. 
How many politicians have you heard say, "We believe in the power of our example, not the example of our power." 
What they mean is what we stand for is more important than the bombs we drop. 
Refugees seeking sanctuary have seen the West as a source of hope and a place of haven. 
Russians, Iranians, Chinese, Eritreans, Cubans, they've come to the West for safety. 
We throw that away at our peril. 
And there's one other thing it reveals about us: whether we have any humility for our own mistakes. 
I'm not one of these people who believes that all the problems in the world are caused by the West. 
They're not. 
But when we make mistakes, we should recognize it. 
It's not an accident that the country which has taken more refugees than any other, the United States, has taken more refugees from Vietnam than any other country. 
It speaks to the history. 
But there's more recent history, in Iraq and Afghanistan. 
You can't make up for foreign policy errors by humanitarian action, but when you break something, you have a duty to try to help repair it, and that's our duty now. 
Do you remember at the beginning of the talk, I said I wanted to explain that the refugee crisis was manageable, not insoluble? 
That's true. I want you to think in a new way, but I also want you to do things. 
If you're an employer, hire refugees. 
If you're persuaded by the arguments, take on the myths when family or friends or workmates repeat them. 
If you've got money, give it to charities that make a difference for refugees around the world. 
If you're a citizen, vote for politicians who will put into practice the solutions that I've talked about. 
(Applause) The duty to strangers shows itself in small ways and big, prosaic and heroic. 
In 1942, my aunt and my grandmother were living in Brussels under German occupation. 
They received a summons from the Nazi authorities to go to Brussels Railway Station. 
My grandmother immediately thought something was amiss. 
She pleaded with her relatives not to go to Brussels Railway Station. 
Her relatives said to her, "If we don't go, if we don't do what we're told, then we're going to be in trouble." 
You can guess what happened to the relatives who went to Brussels Railway Station. 
They were never seen again. 
But my grandmother and my aunt, they went to a small village south of Brussels where they'd been on holiday in the decade before, and they presented themselves at the house of the local farmer, a Catholic farmer called Monsieur Maurice, and they asked him to take them in. 
And he did, and by the end of the war, 17 Jews, I was told, were living in that village. 
And when I was teenager, I asked my aunt, "Can you take me to meet Monsieur Maurice?" 
And she said, "Yeah, I can. He's still alive. Let's go and see him." 
And so, it must have been '83, '84, we went to see him. 
And I suppose, like only a teenager could, when I met him, he was this white-haired gentleman, I said to him, "Why did you do it? 
Why did you take that risk?" 
And he looked at me and he shrugged, and he said, in French, "On doit." 
"One must." 
It was innate in him. 
It was natural. 
And my point to you is it should be natural and innate in us, too. 
Tell yourself, this refugee crisis is manageable, not unsolvable, and each one of us has a personal responsibility to help make it so. 
Because this is about the rescue of us and our values as well as the rescue of refugees and their lives. 
Thank you very much indeed. 
(Applause) Bruno Giussani: David, thank you. David Miliband: Thank you. 
BG: Those are strong suggestions and your call for individual responsibility is very strong as well, but I'm troubled by one thought, and it's this: you mentioned, and these are your words, "extraordinary Western leadership" which led 60-something years ago to the whole discussion about human rights, to the conventions on refugees, etc. etc. 
That leadership happened after a big trauma and happened in a consensual political space, and now we are in a divisive political space. 
Actually, refugees have become one of the divisive issues. 
So where will leadership come from today? 
DM: Well, I think that you're right to say that the leadership forged in war has a different temper and a different tempo and a different outlook than leadership forged in peace. 
And so my answer would be the leadership has got to come from below, not from above. 
I mean, a recurring theme of the conference this week has been about the democratization of power. 
And we've got to preserve our own democracies, but we've got to also activate our own democracies. 
And when people say to me, "There's a backlash against refugees," what I say to them is, "No, there's a polarization, and at the moment, those who are fearful are making more noise than those who are proud." 
And so my answer to your question is that we will sponsor and encourage and give confidence to leadership when we mobilize ourselves. 
And I think that when you are in a position of looking for leadership, you have to look inside and mobilize in your own community to try to create conditions for a different kind of settlement. 
BG: Thank you, David. Thanks for coming to TED. 
(Applause) 

Cancer. 
Many of us have lost family, friends or loved ones to this horrible disease. 
I know there are some of you in the audience who are cancer survivors, or who are fighting cancer at this moment. 
My heart goes out to you. 
While this word often conjures up emotions of sadness and anger and fear, I bring you good news from the front lines of cancer research. 
The fact is, we are starting to win the war on cancer. 
In fact, we lie at the intersection of the three of the most exciting developments within cancer research. 
The first is cancer genomics. 
The genome is a composition of all the genetic information encoded by DNA in an organism. 
In cancers, changes in the DNA called mutations are what drive these cancers to go out of control. 
Around 10 years ago, I was part of the team at Johns Hopkins that first mapped the mutations of cancers. 
We did this first for colorectal, breast, pancreatic and brain cancers. 
And since then, there have been over 90 projects in 70 countries all over the world, working to understand the genetic basis of these diseases. 
Today, tens of thousands of cancers are understood down to exquisite molecular detail. 
The second revolution is precision medicine, also known as "personalized medicine." 
Instead of one-size-fits-all methods to be able to treat cancers, there is a whole new class of drugs that are able to target cancers based on their unique genetic profile. 
Today, there are a host of these tailor-made drugs, called targeted therapies, available to physicians even today to be able to personalize their therapy for their patients, and many others are in development. 
The third exciting revolution is immunotherapy, and this is really exciting. 
Scientists have been able to leverage the immune system in the fight against cancer. 
For example, there have been ways where we find the off switches of cancer, and new drugs have been able to turn the immune system back on, to be able to fight cancer. 
In addition, there are ways where you can take away immune cells from the body, train them, engineer them and put them back into the body to fight cancer. 
Almost sounds like science fiction, doesn't it? 
While I was a researcher at the National Cancer Institute, I had the privilege of working with some of the pioneers of this field and watched the development firsthand. 
It's been pretty amazing. 
Today, over 600 clinical trials are open, actively recruiting patients to explore all aspects in immunotherapy. 
While these three exciting revolutions are ongoing, unfortunately, this is only the beginning, and there are still many, many challenges. 
Let me illustrate with a patient. 
Here is a patient with a skin cancer called melanoma. 
It's horrible; the cancer has gone everywhere. 
However, scientists were able to map the mutations of this cancer and give a specific treatment that targets one of the mutations. 
And the result is almost miraculous. 
Tumors almost seem to melt away. 
Unfortunately, this is not the end of the story. 
A few months later, this picture is taken. 
The tumor has come back. 
The question is: Why? 
The answer is tumor heterogeneity. 
Let me explain. 
Even a cancer as small as one centimeter in diameter harbors over a hundred million different cells. 
While genetically similar, there are small differences in these different cancers that make them differently prone to different drugs. 
So even if you have a drug that's highly effective, that kills almost all the cells, there is a chance that there's a small population that's resistant to the drug. 
This ultimately is the population that comes back, and takes over the patient. 
So then the question is: What do we do with this information? 
Well, the key, then, is to apply all these exciting advancements in cancer therapy earlier, as soon as we can, before these resistance clones emerge. 
The key to cancer and curing cancer is early detection. 
And we intuitively know this. 
Finding cancer early results in better outcomes, and the numbers show this as well. 
For example, in ovarian cancer, if you detect cancer in stage four, only 17 percent of the women survive at five years. 
However, if you are able to detect this cancer as early as stage one, over 92 percent of women will survive. 
But the sad fact is, only 15 percent of women are detected at stage one, whereas the vast majority, 70 percent, are detected in stages three and four. 
We desperately need better detection mechanisms for cancers. 
The current best ways to screen cancer fall into one of three categories. 
First is medical procedures, which is like colonoscopy for colon cancer. 
Second is protein biomarkers, like PSA for prostate cancer. 
Or third, imaging techniques, such as mammography for breast cancer. 
Medical procedures are the gold standard; however, they are highly invasive and require a large infrastructure to implement. 
Protein markers, while effective in some populations, are not very specific in some circumstances, resulting in high numbers of false positives, which then results in unnecessary work-ups and unnecessary procedures. 
Imaging methods, while useful in some populations, expose patients to harmful radiation. 
In addition, it is not applicable to all patients. 
For example, mammography has problems in women with dense breasts. 
So what we need is a method that is noninvasive, that is light in infrastructure, that is highly specific, that also does not have false positives, does not use any radiation and is applicable to large populations. 
Even more importantly, we need a method to be able to detect cancers before they're 100 million cells in size. 
Does such a technology exist? 
Well, I wouldn't be up here giving a talk if it didn't. 
I'm excited to tell you about this latest technology we've developed. 
Central to our technology is a simple blood test. 
The blood circulatory system, while seemingly mundane, is essential for you to survive, providing oxygen and nutrients to your cells, and removing waste and carbon dioxide. 
Here's a key biological insight: Cancer cells grow and die faster than normal cells, and when they die, DNA is shed into the blood system. 
Since we know the signatures of these cancer cells from all the different cancer genome sequencing projects, we can look for those signals in the blood to be able to detect these cancers early. 
So instead of waiting for cancers to be large enough to cause symptoms, or for them to be dense enough to show up on imaging, or for them to be prominent enough for you to be able to visualize on medical procedures, we can start looking for cancers while they are relatively pretty small, by looking for these small amounts of DNA in the blood. 
So let me tell you how we do this. 
First, like I said, we start off with a simple blood test -- no radiation, no complicated equipment -- a simple blood test. 
Then the blood is shipped to us, and what we do is extract the DNA out of it. 
While your body is mostly healthy cells, most of the DNA that's detected will be from healthy cells. 
However, there will be a small amount, less than one percent, that comes from the cancer cells. 
Then we use molecular biology methods to be able to enrich this DNA for areas of the genome which are known to be associated with cancer, based on the information from the cancer genomics projects. 
We're able to then put this DNA into DNA-sequencing machines and are able to digitize the DNA into A's, C's, T's and G's and have this final readout. 
Ultimately, we have information of billions of letters that output from this run. 
We then apply statistical and computational methods to be able to find the small signal that's present, indicative of the small amount of cancer DNA in the blood. 
So does this actually work in patients? 
Well, because there's no way of really predicting right now which patients will get cancer, we use the next best population: cancers in remission; specifically, lung cancer. 
The sad fact is, even with the best drugs that we have today, most lung cancers come back. 
The key, then, is to see whether we're able to detect these recurrences of cancers earlier than with standard methods. 
We just finished a major trial with Professor Charles Swanton at University College London, examining this. 
Let me walk you through an example of one patient. 
Here's an example of one patient who undergoes surgery at time point zero, and then undergoes chemotherapy. 
Then the patient is under remission. 
He is monitored using clinical exams and imaging methods. 
Around day 450, unfortunately, the cancer comes back. 
The question is: Are we able to catch this earlier? 
During this whole time, we've been collecting blood serially to be able to measure the amount of ctDNA in the blood. 
So at the initial time point, as expected, there's a high level of cancer DNA in the blood. 
However, this goes away to zero in subsequent time points and remains negligible after subsequent points. 
However, around day 340, we see the rise of cancer DNA in the blood, and eventually, it goes up higher for days 400 and 450. 
Here's the key, if you've missed it: At day 340, we see the rise in the cancer DNA in the blood. 
That means we are catching this cancer over a hundred days earlier than traditional methods. 
This is a hundred days earlier where we can give therapies, a hundred days earlier where we can do surgical interventions, or even a hundred days less for the cancer to grow or a hundred days less for resistance to occur. 
For some patients, this hundred days means the matter of life and death. 
We're really excited about this information. 
Because of this assignment, we've done additional studies now in other cancers, including breast cancer, lung cancer and ovarian cancer, and I can't wait to see how much earlier we can find these cancers. 
Ultimately, I have a dream, a dream of two vials of blood, and that, in the future, as part of all of our standard physical exams, we'll have two vials of blood drawn. 
And from these two vials of blood we will be able to compare the DNA from all known signatures of cancer, and hopefully then detect cancers months to even years earlier. 
Even with the therapies we have currently, this could mean that millions of lives could be saved. 
And if you add on to that recent advancements in immunotherapy and targeted therapies, the end of cancer is in sight. 
The next time you hear the word "cancer," I want you to add to the emotions: hope. 
Hold on. 
Cancer researchers all around the world are working feverishly to beat this disease, and tremendous progress is being made. 
This is the beginning of the end. 
We will win the war on cancer. 
And to me, this is amazing news. 
Thank you. 
(Applause) 

So, my mother's a pediatrician, and when I was young, she'd tell the craziest stories that combined science with her overactive imagination. 
One of the stories she told was that if you eat a lot of salt, all of the blood rushes up your legs, through your body, and shoots out the top of your head, killing you instantly. 
(Laughter) She called it "high blood pressure." 
(Laughter) This was my first experience with science fiction, and I loved it. 
So when I started to write my own science fiction and fantasy, I was surprised that it was considered un-African. 
So naturally, I asked, what is African? 
And this is what I know so far: Africa is important. 
Africa is the future. 
It is, though. 
And Africa is a serious place where only serious things happen. 
So when I present my work somewhere, someone will always ask, "What's so important about it? 
How does it deal with real African issues like war, poverty, devastation or AIDS?" 
And it doesn't. 
My work is about Nairobi pop bands that want to go to space or about seven-foot-tall robots that fall in love. 
It's nothing incredibly important. 
It's just fun, fierce and frivolous, as frivolous as bubble gum -- "AfroBubbleGum." 
So I'm not saying that agenda art isn't important; I'm the chairperson of a charity that deals with films and theaters that write about HIV and radicalization and female genital mutilation. 
It's vital and important art, but it cannot be the only art that comes out of the continent. 
We have to tell more stories that are vibrant. 
The danger of the single story is still being realized. 
And maybe it's because of the funding. 
A lot of art is still dependent on developmental aid. 
So art becomes a tool for agenda. 
Or maybe it's because we've only seen one image of ourselves for so long that that's all we know how to create. 
Whatever the reason, we need a new way, and AfroBubbleGum is one approach. 
It's the advocacy of art for art's sake. 
It's the advocacy of art that is not policy-driven or agenda-driven or based on education, just for the sake of imagination: AfroBubbleGum art. 
And we can't all be AfroBubbleGumists. 
We have to judge our work for its potential poverty porn pitfalls. 
We have to have tests that are similar to the Bechdel test, and ask questions like: Are two or more Africans in this piece of fiction healthy? 
Are those same Africans financially stable and not in need of saving? 
Are they having fun and enjoying life? 
And if we can answer yes to two or more of these questions, then surely we're AfroBubbleGumists. 
(Laughter) (Applause) And fun is political, because imagine if we have images of Africans who were vibrant and loving and thriving and living a beautiful, vibrant life. 
What would we think of ourselves then? 
Would we think that maybe we're worthy of more happiness? 
Would we think of our shared humanity through our shared joy? 
I think of these things when I create. 
I think of the people and the places that give me immeasurable joy, and I work to represent them. 
And that's why I write stories about futuristic girls that risk everything to save plants or to race camels or even just to dance, to honor fun, because my world is mostly happy. 
And I know happiness is a privilege in this current splintered world where remaining hopeful requires diligence. 
But maybe, if you join me in creating, curating and commissioning more AfroBubbleGum art, there might be hope for a different view of the world, a happy Africa view where children are strangely traumatized by their mother's dark sense of humor, (Laughter) but also they're claiming fun, fierce and frivolous art in the name of all things unseriously African. 
Because we're AfroBubbleGumists and there's so many more of us than you can imagine. 
Thank you so much. 
(Applause) 

What are you doing on this stage in front of all these people? 
(Laughter) Run! 
(Laughter) Run now. 
That's the voice of my anxiety talking. 
Even when there's absolutely nothing wrong, I sometimes get this overwhelming sense of doom, like danger is lurking just around the corner. 
You see, a few years ago, I was diagnosed with generalized anxiety and depression -- two conditions that often go hand in hand. 
Now, there was a time I wouldn't have told anybody, especially not in front of a big audience. 
As a black woman, I've had to develop extraordinary resilience to succeed. 
And like most people in my community, I had the misconception that depression was a sign of weakness, a character flaw. 
But I wasn't weak; I was a high achiever. 
I'd earned a Master's degree in Media Studies and had a string of high-profile jobs in the film and television industries. 
I'd even won two Emmy Awards for my hard work. 
Sure, I was totally spent, I lacked interest in things I used to enjoy, barely ate, struggled with insomnia and felt isolated and depleted. 
But depressed? 
No, not me. 
It took weeks before I could admit it, but the doctor was right: I was depressed. 
Still, I didn't tell anybody about my diagnosis. 
I was too ashamed. 
I didn't think I had the right to be depressed. 
I had a privileged life with a loving family and a successful career. 
And when I thought about the unspeakable horrors that my ancestors had been through in this country so that I could have it better, my shame grew even deeper. 
I was standing on their shoulders. 
How could I let them down? 
I would hold my head up, put a smile on my face and never tell a soul. 
On July 4, 2013, my world came crashing in on me. 
That was the day I got a phone call from my mom telling me that my 22-year-old nephew, Paul, had ended his life, after years of battling depression and anxiety. 
There are no words that can describe the devastation I felt. 
Paul and I were very close, but I had no idea he was in so much pain. 
Neither one of us had ever talked to the other about our struggles. 
The shame and stigma kept us both silent. 
Now, my way of dealing with adversity is to face it head on, so I spent the next two years researching depression and anxiety, and what I found was mind-blowing. 
The World Health Organization reports that depression is the leading cause of sickness and disability in the world. 
While the exact cause of depression isn't clear, research suggests that most mental disorders develop, at least in part, because of a chemical imbalance in the brain, and/or an underlying genetic predisposition. 
So you can't just shake it off. 
For black Americans, stressors like racism and socioeconomic disparities put them at a 20 percent greater risk of developing a mental disorder, yet they seek mental health services at about half the rate of white Americans. 
One reason is the stigma, with 63 percent of black Americans mistaking depression for a weakness. 
Sadly, the suicide rate among black children has doubled in the past 20 years. 
Now, here's the good news: seventy percent of people struggling with depression will improve with therapy, treatment and medication. 
Armed with this information, I made a decision: I wasn't going to be silent anymore. 
With my family's blessing, I would share our story in hopes of sparking a national conversation. 
A friend, Kelly Pierre-Louis, said, "Being strong is killing us." 
She's right. 
We have got to retire those tired, old narratives of the strong black woman and the super-masculine black man, who, no matter how many times they get knocked down, just shake it off and soldier on. 
Having feelings isn't a sign of weakness. 
Feelings mean we're human. 
And when we deny our humanity, it leaves us feeling empty inside, searching for ways to self-medicate in order to fill the void. 
My drug was high achievement. 
These days, I share my story openly, and I ask others to share theirs, too. 
I believe that's what it takes to help people who may be suffering in silence to know that they are not alone and to know that with help, they can heal. 
Now, I still have my struggles, particularly with the anxiety, but I'm able to manage it through daily mediation, yoga and a relatively healthy diet. 
(Laughter) If I feel like things are starting to spiral, I make an appointment to see my therapist, a dynamic black woman named Dawn Armstrong, who has a great sense of humor and a familiarity that I find comforting. 
I will always regret that I couldn't be there for my nephew. 
But my sincerest hope is that I can inspire others with the lesson that I've learned. 
Life is beautiful. 
Sometimes it's messy, and it's always unpredictable. 
But it will all be OK when you have your support system to help you through it. 
I hope that if your burden gets too heavy, you'll ask for a hand, too. 
Thank you. 
(Applause) 

Some months back, I was visiting this East African city, and we were stuck in traffic. 
And this vendor suddenly approaches my window with a half-opened alphabet sheet. 
I took a quick look at the alphabet sheet, and I thought of my daughter, how it would be nice to spread it on the floor and just play all over it with her while getting her to learn the alphabet. 
So the traffic moved a bit, and I quickly grabbed a copy, and we moved on. 
When I had time to fully open the alphabet sheet and take a more detailed look at it, I knew I was not going to use that to teach my daughter. 
I regretted my purchase. 
Why so? 
Looking at the alphabet sheet reminded me of the fact that not much has changed in the education curricula in Africa. 
Some decades back, I was taught out of a similar alphabet sheet. 
And because of that, I struggled for years. 
I struggled to reconcile my reality with the formal education I received in school, in the schools I attended. 
I had identity crises. 
I looked down on my reality. 
I looked at my ancestry, I looked at my lineage with disrespect. 
I had very little patience for what my life had to offer around me. 
Why? 
"A is for apple." 
"A is for apple." 
"A is for apple" is for that child in that part of the world where apples grow out; who has an apple in her lunch bag; who goes to the grocery store with her mom and sees red, green, yellow -- apples of all shapes and colors and sizes. 
And so, introducing education to this child with an alphabet sheet like this fulfills one of the major functions of education, which is to introduce the learner to an appreciation of the learner's environment and a curiosity to explore more in order to add value. 
In my own case, when and where I grew up in Africa, apple was an exotic fruit. 
Two or three times a year, I could get some yellowish apples with brown dots, you know, signifying thousands of miles traveled -- warehouses storing -- to get to me. 
I grew up in the city to very financially comfortable parents, so it was my dignified reality, exactly the same way cassava fufu or ugali would not regularly feature in an American, Chinese or Indian diet, apples didn't count as part of my reality. 
So what this did to me, introducing education to me with "A is for apple," made education an abstraction. 
It made it something out of my reach -- a foreign concept, a phenomenon for which I would have to constantly and perpetually seek the validation of those it belonged to for me to make progress within it and with it. 
That was tough for a child; it would be tough for anyone. 
As I grew up and I advanced academically, my reality was further separated from my education. 
In history, I was taught that the Scottish explorer Mungo Park discovered the Niger River. 
And so it bothered me. 
My great-great-grandparents grew up quite close to the edge of the Niger River. 
(Laughter) And it took someone to travel thousands of miles from Europe to discover a river right under their nose? 
(Laughter) No! 
(Applause and cheers) What did they do with their time? 
(Laughter) Playing board games, roasting fresh yams, fighting tribal wars? 
I mean, I just knew my education was preparing me to go somewhere else and practice and give to another environment that it belonged to. 
It was not for my environment, where and when I grew up. 
And this continued. 
This philosophy undergirded my studies all through the time I studied in Africa. 
It took a lot of experiences and some studies for me to begin to have a change of mindset. 
I will share a couple of the remarkable ones with us. 
I was in the United States in Washington, DC studying towards my doctorate, and I got this consultancy position with the World Bank Africa Region. 
And so I remember one day, my boss -- we were having a conversation on some project, and he mentioned a particular World Bank project, a large-scale irrigation project that cost millions of dollars in Niger Republic that was faltering sustainably. 
He said this project wasn't so sustainable, and it bothered those that instituted the whole package. 
But then he mentioned a particular project, a particular traditional irrigation method that was hugely successful in the same Niger Republic where the World Bank project was failing. 
And that got me thinking. 
So I did further research, and I found out about Tassa. 
Tassa is a traditional irrigation method where 20- to 30-centimeter-wide and 20- to 30-centimeter-deep holes are dug across a field to be cultivated. 
Then, a small dam is constructed around the field, and then crops are planted across the surface area. 
What happens is that when rain falls, the holes are able to store the water and appropriate it to the extent that the plant needs the water. 
The plant can only assimilate as much water as needed until harvest time. 
Niger is 75 percent scorched desert, so this is something that is a life-or-death situation, and it has been used for centuries. 
In an experiment that was conducted, two similar plots of land were used in the experiment, and one plot of land did not have the Tassa technique on it. 
Similar plots. 
The other one had Tassa technique constructed on it. 
Then similar grains of millet also were planted on both plots. 
During harvest time, the plot of land without Tassa technique yielded 11 kilograms of millet per hectare. 
The plot of land with Tassa technique yielded 553 kilograms of millet per hectare. 
(Applause) I looked at the research, and I looked at myself. 
I said, "I studied agriculture for 12 years, from primary to Senior Six, as we say in East Africa, SS3 in West Africa or 12th grade. 
No one ever taught me of any form of traditional African knowledge of cultivation -- of harvesting, of anything -- that will work in modern times and actually succeed, where something imported from the West would struggle to succeed. 
That was when I knew the challenge, the challenge of Africa's curricula, And I thus began my quest to dedicate my life, concern my life work, to studying, conducting research on Africa's own knowledge system and being able to advocate for its mainstreaming in education, in research, policy across sectors and industries. 
Another conversation and experience I had at the bank I guess made me take that final decision of where I was going to go, even though it wasn't the most lucrative research to go into, but it was just about what I believed in. 
And so one day, my boss said that he likes to go to Africa to negotiate World Bank loans and to work on World Bank projects. 
And I was intrigued. I asked him why. 
He said, "Oh, when I go to Africa, it's so easy. 
I just write up my loan documents and my project proposal in Washington, DC, I go to Africa, and they all just get signed. 
I get the best deal, and I'm back to base. 
My bosses are happy with me." 
But then he said, "I hate going to Asia or ..." 
and he mentioned a particular country, Asia and some of these countries. 
"They keep me for this, trying to get the best deal for their countries. 
They get the best deal. 
They tell me, 'Oh, that clause will not work for us in our environment. 
It's not our reality. It's just so Western.' And they tell me, 'Oh, we have enough experts to take care of this. 
You don't have enough experts. 
We know our aim.' And they just keep going through all these things. 
By the time they finish, yes, they get the best deal, but I'm so exhausted and I don't get the best deal for the bank, and we're in business." 
"Really?" I thought in my head, "OK." 
I was privileged to sit in on a loan negotiating session in an African country. 
So I would do these consultancy positions during summer, you know, since I was a doctoral student. 
And then I traveled with the team, with the World Bank team, as more like someone to help out with organizational matters. 
But I sat in during the negotiating session. 
I had mostly Euro-Americans, you know, with me from Washington, DC. 
And I looked across the table at my African brothers and sisters. 
I could see intimidation on their faces. 
They didn't believe they had anything to offer the great-great-grandchildren of Mungo Park -- the owners of "apple" in "A is for apple." 
They just sat and watched: "Oh, just give us, let us sign. 
You own the knowledge. You know it all. 
Just, where do we sign? Show us, let us sign." 
They had no voice. They didn't believe in themselves. 
Excuse me. 
And so, I have been doing this for a decade. 
I have been conducting research on Africa's knowledge system, original, authentic, traditional knowledge. 
In the few cases where this has been implemented in Africa, there has been remarkable successes recorded. 
I think of Gacaca. 
Gacaca is Rwanda's traditional judicial system that was used after the genocide. 
In 1994, when the genocide ended, Rwanda's national court system was in shambles: no judges, no lawyers to try hundreds of thousands of genocide cases. 
So the government of Rwanda came up with this idea to resuscitate a traditional judicial system known as Gacaca. 
Gacaca is a community-based judicial system, where community members come together to elect men and women of proven integrity to try cases of crimes committed within these communities. 
So by the time Gacaca concluded its trial of genocide cases in 2012, 12,000 community-based courts had tried approximately 1.2 million cases. 
That's a record. 
(Applause) Most importantly is that Gacaca emphasized Rwanda's traditional philosophy of reconciliation and reintegration, as against the whole punitive and banishment idea that undergirds present-day Western style. 
And not to compare, but just to say that it really emphasized Rwanda's traditional method of philosophy. 
And so it was Mwalimu Julius Nyerere, former president of Tanzania -- (Applause) who said that you cannot develop people. 
People will have to develop themselves. 
I agree with Mwalimu. 
I am convinced that Africa's further transformation, Africa's advancement, rests simply in the acknowledgment, validation and mainstreaming of Africa's own traditional, authentic, original, indigenous knowledge in education, in research, in policy making and across sectors. 
This is not going to be easy for Africa. 
It is not going to be easy for a people used to being told how to think, what to do, how to go about it, a people long subjected to the intellectual guidance and direction of others, be they the colonial masters, aid industry or international news media. 
But it is a task that we have to do to make progress. 
I am strengthened by the words of Joseph Shabalala, founder of the South African choral group Ladysmith Black Mambazo. 
He said that the task ahead of us can never, ever be greater than the power within us. 
We can do it. 
We can unlearn looking down on ourselves. 
We can learn to place value on our reality and our knowledge. 
Thank you. 
(Swahili) Thank you very much. 
(Applause) Thank you. Thank you. 

I love learning foreign languages. 
In fact, I love it so much that I like to learn a new language every two years, currently working on my eighth one. 
When people find that out about me, they always ask me, "How do you do that? What's your secret?" 
And to be honest, for many years, my answer would be, "I don't know. I simply love learning languages." 
But people were never happy with that answer. 
They wanted to know why they are spending years trying to learn even one language, never achieving fluency, and here I come, learning one language after another. 
They wanted to know the secret of polyglots, people who speak a lot of languages. 
And that made me wonder, too, how do actually other polyglots do it? 
What do we have in common? 
And what is it that enables us to learn languages so much faster than other people? 
I decided to meet other people like me and find that out. 
The best place to meet a lot of polyglots is an event where hundreds of language lovers meet in one place to practice their languages. 
There are several such polyglot events organized all around the world, and so I decided to go there and ask polyglots about the methods that they use. 
And so I met Benny from Ireland, who told me that his method is to start speaking from day one. 
He learns a few phrases from a travel phrasebook and goes to meet native speakers and starts having conversations with them right away. 
He doesn't mind making even 200 mistakes a day, because that's how he learns, based on the feedback. 
And the best thing is, he doesn't even need to travel a lot today, because you can easily have conversations with native speakers from the comfort of your living room, using websites. 
I also met Lucas from Brazil who had a really interesting method to learn Russian. 
He simply added a hundred random Russian speakers on Skype as friends, and then he opened a chat window with one of them and wrote "Hi" in Russian. 
And the person replied, "Hi, how are you?" 
Lucas copied this and put it into a text window with another person, and the person replied, "I'm fine, thank you, and how are you?" 
Lucas copied this back to the first person, and in this way, he had two strangers have a conversation with each other without knowing about it. 
(Laughter) And soon he would start typing himself, because he had so many of these conversations that he figured out how the Russian conversation usually starts. 
What an ingenious method, right? 
And then I met polyglots who always start by imitating sounds of the language, and others who always learn the 500 most frequent words of the language, and yet others who always start by reading about the grammar. 
If I asked a hundred different polyglots, I heard a hundred different approaches to learning languages. 
Everybody seems to have a unique way they learn a language, and yet we all come to the same result of speaking several languages fluently. 
And as I was listening to these polyglots telling me about their methods, it suddenly dawned on me: the one thing we all have in common is that we simply found ways to enjoy the language-learning process. 
All of these polyglots were talking about language learning as if it was great fun. 
You should have seen their faces when they were showing me their colorful grammar charts and their carefully handmade flash cards, and their statistics about learning vocabulary using apps, or even how they love to cook based on recipes in a foreign language. 
All of them use different methods, but they always make sure it's something that they personally enjoy. 
I realized that this is actually how I learn languages myself. 
When I was learning Spanish, I was bored with the text in the textbook. 
I mean, who wants to read about Jose asking about the directions to the train station. Right? 
I wanted to read "Harry Potter" instead, because that was my favorite book as a child, and I have read it many times. 
So I got the Spanish translation of "Harry Potter" and started reading, and sure enough, I didn't understand almost anything at the beginning, but I kept on reading because I loved the book, and by the end of the book, I was able to follow it almost without any problems. 
And the same thing happened when I was learning German. 
I decided to watch "Friends," my favorite sitcom, in German, and again, at the beginning it was all just gibberish. 
I didn't know where one word finished and another one started, but I kept on watching every day because it's "Friends." 
I can watch it in any language. I love it so much. 
And after the second or third season, seriously, the dialogue started to make sense. 
I only realized this after meeting other polyglots. 
We are no geniuses and we have no shortcut to learning languages. 
We simply found ways how to enjoy the process, how to turn language learning from a boring school subject into a pleasant activity which you don't mind doing every day. 
If you don't like writing words down on paper, you can always type them in an app. 
If you don't like listening to boring textbook material, find interesting content on YouTube or in podcasts for any language. 
If you're a more introverted person and you can't imagine speaking to native speakers right away, you can apply the method of self-talk. 
You can talk to yourself in the comfort of your room, describing your plans for the weekend, how your day has been, or even take a random picture from your phone and describe the picture to your imaginary friend. 
This is how polyglots learn languages, and the best news is, it's available to anyone who is willing to take the learning into their own hands. 
So meeting other polyglots helped me realize that it is really crucial to find enjoyment in the process of learning languages, but also that joy in itself is not enough. 
If you want to achieve fluency in a foreign language, you'll also need to apply three more principles. 
First of all, you'll need effective methods. 
If you try to memorize a list of words for a test tomorrow, the words will be stored in your short-term memory and you'll forget them after a few days. 
If you, however, want to keep words long term, you need to revise them in the course of a few days repeatedly using the so-called space repetition. 
You can use apps which are based on this system such as Anki or Memrise, or you can write lists of word in a notebook using the Goldlist method, which is also very popular with many polyglots. 
If you're not sure which methods are effective and what is available out there, just check out polyglots' YouTube channels and websites and get inspiration from them. 
If it works for them, it will most probably work for you too. 
The third principle to follow is to create a system in your learning. 
We're all very busy and no one really has time to learn a language today. 
But we can create that time if we just plan a bit ahead. 
Can you wake up 15 minutes earlier than you normally do? 
That would be the perfect time to revise some vocabulary. 
Can you listen to a podcast on your way to work while driving? 
Well, that would be great to get some listening experience. 
There are so many things we can do without even planning that extra time, such as listening to podcasts on our way to work or doing our household chores. 
The important thing is to create a plan in the learning. 
"I will practice speaking every Tuesday and Thursday with a friend for 20 minutes. 
I will listen to a YouTube video while having breakfast." 
If you create a system in your learning, you don't need to find that extra time, because it will become a part of your everyday life. 
And finally, if you want to learn a language fluently, you need also a bit of patience. 
It's not possible to learn a language within two months, but it's definitely possible to make a visible improvement in two months, if you learn in small chunks every day in a way that you enjoy. 
And there is nothing that motivates us more than our own success. 
I vividly remember the moment when I understood the first joke in German when watching "Friends." 
I was so happy and motivated that I just kept on watching that day two more episodes, and as I kept watching, I had more and more of those moments of understanding, these little victories, and step by step, I got to a level where I could use the language freely and fluently to express anything. 
This is a wonderful feeling. 
I can't get enough of that feeling, and that's why I learn a language every two years. 
So this is the whole polyglot secret. 
Find effective methods which you can use systematically over the period of some time in a way which you enjoy, and this is how polyglots learn languages within months, not years. 
Now, some of you may be thinking, "That's all very nice to enjoy language learning, but isn't the real secret that you polyglots are just super talented and most of us aren't?" 
Well, there's one thing I haven't told you about Benny and Lucas. 
Benny had 11 years of Irish Gaelic and five years of German at school. 
He couldn't speak them at all when graduating. 
Up to the age of 21, he thought he didn't have the language gene and he could not speak another language. 
Then he started to look for his way of learning languages, which was speaking to native speakers and getting feedback from them, and today Benny can easily have a conversation in 10 languages. 
Lucas tried to learn English at school for 10 years. 
He was one of the worst students in class. 
His friends even made fun of him and gave him a Russian textbook as a joke because they thought he would never learn that language, or any language. 
And then Lucas started to experiment with methods, looking for his own way to learn, for example, by having Skype chat conversations with strangers. 
And after just 10 years, Lucas is able to speak 11 languages fluently. 
Does that sound like a miracle? 
Well, I see such miracles every single day. 
As a language mentor, I help people learn languages by themselves, and I see this every day. 
People struggle with language learning for five, 10, even 20 years, and then they suddenly take their learning into their own hands, start using materials which they enjoy, more effective methods, or they start tracking their learning so that they can appreciate their own progress, and that's when suddenly they magically find the language talent that they were missing all their lives. 
So if you've also tried to learn a language and you gave up, thinking it's too difficult or you don't have the language talent, give it another try. 
Maybe you're also just one enjoyable method away from learning that language fluently. 
Maybe you're just one method away from becoming a polyglot. 
Thank you. 
(Applause) 

Big boys don't cry. 
Suck it up. 
Shut up and rub some dirt on it. 
Stop crying before I give you something to cry about. 
These are just a few of the phrases that contribute to a disease in our society, and more specifically, in our men. 
It's a disease that has come to be known as "toxic masculinity." 
It's one I suffered a chronic case of, so much so that I spent 24 years of a life sentence in prison for kidnapping, robbery, and attempted murder. 
Yet I'm here to tell you today that there's a solution for this epidemic. 
I know for a fact the solution works, because I was a part of human trials. 
The solution is a mixture of elements. 
It begins with the willingness to look at your belief system and how out of alignment it is and how your actions negatively impact not just yourself, but the people around you. 
The next ingredient is the willingness to be vulnerable with people who would not just support you, but hold you accountable. 
But before I tell you about this, I need to let you know that in order to share this, I have to bare my soul in full. 
And as I stand here, with so many eyes fixed on me, I feel raw and naked. 
When this feeling is present, I'm confident that the next phase of healing is on the horizon, and that allows me to share my story in full. 
For all appearances' sake, I was born into the ideal family dynamic: mother, father, sister, brother. 
Bertha, Eldra Jr., Taydama and Eldra III. 
That's me. 
My father was a Vietnam veteran who earned a Purple Heart and made it home to find love, marry, and begin his own brood. 
So how did I wind up serving life in the California prison system? 
Keeping secrets, believing the mantra that big boys don't cry, not knowing how to display any emotion confidently other than anger, participating in athletics and learning that the greater the performance on the field, the less the need to worry about the rules off it. 
It's hard to pin down any one specific ingredient of the many symptoms that ailed me. 
Growing up as a young black male in Sacramento, California in the 1980s, there were two groups I identified as having respect: athletes and gangsters. 
I excelled in sports, that is until a friend and I chose to take his mom's car for a joyride and wreck it. 
With my parents having to split the cost of a totaled vehicle, I was relegated to a summer of household chores and no sports. 
No sports meant no respect. 
No respect equaled no power. 
Power was vital to feed my illness. 
It was at that point the decision to transition from athlete to gangster was made and done so easily. 
Early life experiences had set the stage for me to be well-suited to objectify others, act in a socially detached manner, and above all else, seek to be viewed as in a position of power. 
A sense of power (Sighs) equaled strength in my environment, but more importantly, it did so in my mind. 
My mind dictated my choices. 
My subsequent choices put me on the fast track to prison life. 
And even once in prison, I continued my history of running over the rights of others, even knowing that that was the place that I would die. 
Once again, I wound up in solitary confinement for stabbing another prisoner nearly 30 times. 
I'd gotten to a place where I didn't care how I lived or if I died. 
But then, things changed. 
One of the best things that happened in my life to that point was being sent to New Folsom Prison. 
Once there, I was approached to join a group called Inside Circle. 
Initially, I was hesitant to join a group referred to around the yard as "hug-a-thug." 
(Laughter) Initially, yeah, that was a little much, but eventually, I overcame my hesitancy. 
As it turned out, the circle was the vision of a man named Patrick Nolan, who was also serving life and who had grown sick and tired of being sick and tired of watching us kill one another over skin color, rag color, being from Northern or Southern California, or just plain breathing in the wrong direction on a windy day. 
Circle time is men sitting with men and cutting through the bullshit, challenging structural ways of thinking. 
I think the way that I think and I act the way that I act because I hadn't questioned that. 
Like, who said I should see a woman walking down the street, turn around and check out her backside? 
Where did that come from? 
If I don't question that, I'll just go along with the crowd. 
The locker-room talk. 
In circle, we sit and we question these things. 
Why do I think the way that I think? 
Why do I act the way that I act? 
Because when I get down to it, I'm not thinking, I'm not being an individual, I'm not taking responsibility for who I am and what it is I put into this world. 
It was in a circle session that my life took a turn. 
I remember being asked who I was, and I didn't have an answer, at least not one that felt honest in a room full of men who were seeking truth. 
It would have been easy to say, "I'm a Blood," or, "My name is Vegas," or any number of facades I had manufactured to hide behind. 
It was in that moment and in that venue that the jig was up. 
I realized that as sharp as I believed I was, I didn't even know who I was or why I acted the way that I acted. 
I couldn't stand in a room full of men who were seeking to serve and support and present an authentic me. 
It was in that moment that I graduated to a place within that was ready for transformation. 
For decades, I kept being the victim of molestation at the hands of a babysitter a secret. 
I submitted to this under the threat of my younger sister being harmed. 
I was seven, she was three. 
I believed it was my responsibility to keep her safe. 
It was in that instant that the seeds were sown for a long career of hurting others, be it physical, mental or emotional. 
I developed, in that instant, at seven years old, the belief that going forward in life, if a situation presented itself where someone was going to get hurt, I would be the one doing the hurting. 
I also formulated the belief that loving put me in harm's way. 
I also learned that caring about another person made me weak. 
So not caring, that must equal strength. 
The greatest way to mask a shaky sense of self is to hide behind a false air of respect. 
Sitting in circle resembles sitting in a fire. 
It is a crucible that can and does break. 
It broke my old sense of self, diseased value system and way of looking at others. 
My old stale modes of thinking were invited into the open to see if this is who I wanted to be in life. 
I was accompanied by skilled facilitators on a journey into the depths of myself to find those wounded parts that not only festered but seeped out to create unsafe space for others. 
At times, it resembled an exorcism, and in essence, it was. 
There was an extraction of old, diseased ways of thinking, being and reacting and an infusion of purpose. 
Sitting in those circles saved my life. 
I stand here today as a testament to the fact of the power of the work. 
I was paroled in June 2014, following my third hearing before a panel of former law-enforcement officials who were tasked with determining my current threat level to society. 
I stand here today for the first time since I was 14 years old not under any form of state supervision. 
I'm married to a tremendous woman named Holly, and together, we are raising two sons who I encourage to experience emotions in a safe way. 
I let them hold me when I cry. 
They get to witness me not have all the answers. 
My desire is for them to understand that being a man is not some machismo caricature, and that characteristics usually defined as weaknesses are parts of the whole healthy man. 
So today, I continue to work not just on myself, but in support of young males in my community. 
The challenge is to eradicate this cycle of emotional illiteracy and groupthink that allows our males to continue to victimize others as well as themselves. 
As a result of this, they develop new ways of how they want to show up in the world and how they expect this world to show up on their behalf. 
Thank you. 
(Applause) 

I want to share with you a moment in my life when the hurt and wounds of racism were both deadly and paralyzing for me. 
And I think what I've learned can be a source of healing for all of us. 
When I was 17 years old, I was a college student at Tuskegee University, and I was a worker in the Southern freedom movement, which we call the Civil Rights Movement. 
During this time, I met another young 26-year-old, white seminary and college student named Jonathan Daniels, from Cambridge, Massachusetts. 
He and I were both part of a generation of idealistic young people, whose life has been ignited by the freedom fire that ordinary black people were spreading around the nation and throughout the South. 
We had come to Lowndes County to work in the movement. 
And it was a nonviolent movement to redeem the souls of America. 
We believe that everyone, both black and white, people in the South, could find a redemptive pathway out of the stranglehold of racism that had gripped them for more than 400 years. 
And on a hot, summer day in August, Jonathan and I joined a demonstration of local young black people, who were protesting the exploitation [of] black sharecroppers by rich land holders who cheated them out of their money. 
We decided to demonstrate alongside them. 
And on the morning that we showed up for the demonstration, we were met with a mob of howling white men with baseball bats, shotguns and any weapon that you could imagine. 
And they were threatening to kill us. 
And the sheriff, seeing the danger that we faced, arrested us and put us on a garbage truck and took us to the local jail, where we were put in cells with the most inhumane conditions you can imagine. 
And we were threatened by the jailers with drinking water that came from toilets. 
We were finally released on the sixth day, without any knowledge, without any forewarning. 
Just out of the clear blue sky, we were made to leave. 
And we knew that this was a dangerous sign, because Goodman, Schwerner and Chaney had also been forced to leave jail and were murdered because no one knew what had happened to them. 
And so, despite our fervent resistance, the sheriff made us leave the jail, and of course, nobody was waiting for us. 
It was hot, one of those Southern days where you could literally feel the pavement -- the vapor seeping out of the pavement. 
And the group of about 14 of us selected Jonathan Daniels, Father Morrisroe, who had recently come to the county, Joyce Bailey, a local 17-year-old girl and I to go and get the drinks. 
When we got to the door, a white man was standing in the doorway with a shotgun, and he said, "Bitch, I'll blow your brains out!" 
And before I could even react, before I could even process what was going on, Jonathan intentionally pulled my blouse, and I fell back, thinking that I was dead. 
And in that instant, when I looked up, Jonathan Daniels was standing in the line of fire, and he took the blast, and he saved my life. 
I was so traumatized and paralyzed by that event, where Tom Coleman deliberately, with malicious intent, killed my beloved friend and colleague, Jonathan Myrick Daniels. 
On that day, which was one of the most important days in my life, I saw both love and hate coming from two very different white men that represented the best and the worst of white America. 
So deep was my hurt at seeing Tom Coleman murder Jonathan before my eyes, that I became a silent person, and I did not speak for six months. 
I finally learned to touch that hurt in me as I became older and began to talk about the Southern freedom movement, and began to connect my stories with the stories of my other colleagues and freedom fighters, who, like me, had faced deadly trauma of racism, and who had lost friends along the way, and who themselves have been beaten and thrown in jail. 
It is 50 years later. 
Many people were beaten and thrown in jail. 
Others were murdered like Jonathan Daniels. 
And yet, we are still, as a nation, mired down in the quicksand of racism. 
And everywhere I go around the nation, I see and hear the hurt. 
And I ask people everywhere, "Tell me, where does it hurt?" 
Do you see and feel the hurt that I see and feel? 
I feel and see the hurt in black and brown people who every day feel the vicious volley of racism and every day have their civil and human rights stripped away. 
And the people who do this use stereotypes and myths to justify doing it. 
Everywhere I go, I see and hear women who speak out against -- who speak out against men who invade our bodies. 
These same men who then turn around -- the same men who promote racism and then turn around and steal our labor and pay us unequal wages. 
I hear and feel the hurt of white men at the betrayal by the same powerful white men who tell them that their skin color is their ticket to a good life and power, only to discover, as the circle of whiteness narrows, that their tickets have expired and no longer carry first-class status. 
Now that we've touched the hurt, we must ask ourselves, "Where does it hurt and what is the source of the hurt?" 
I propose that we must look deeply into the culture of whiteness. 
That is a river that drowns out all of our identities and drowns us in false uniformity to protect the status quo. 
Notice, everybody, I said culture of whiteness, and not white people. 
Because in my estimation, the problem is not white people. 
Instead, it is the culture of whiteness. 
And by culture of whiteness, I mean a systemic and organized set of beliefs, values, canonized knowledge and even religion, to maintain a hierarchical, over-and-against power structure based on skin color, against people of color. 
It is a culture where white people are seen as necessary and friendly insiders, while people of color, especially black people, are seen as dangerous and threatening outsiders, who pose a clear and present danger to the safety and the efficacy of the culture of whiteness. 
Listen to me and see if you can imagine the culture of whiteness as a dehumanizing process that melts away all of our multiple and interlocking identities, such as race, class, gender and sexualities, so that ... 
so that unity is maintained for power. 
I believe, because I know and believe that the culture of whiteness is a social construct. 
Each of us, from birth to death, are socialized in this culture. 
And it marks people of color also. 
And it makes people of color, like white people, vote against our interests. 
Some of you might ask -- and my students always tell me I give hard assignments -- some of you might ask, and rightfully so, "How do we fix this? 
It seems so all-powerful and overwhelming." 
I believe that we must fix it, because we cannot humanize our future if we continue to be complicit with the culture of whiteness. 
Each of us must connect with our authentic selves, with our authentic ethnic selves. 
And we must connect with the other aspects of our identities. 
And we must move out of the constructs of whiteness, brownness and blackness to become who we are at our fullest. 
How do we do this? 
I believe that we do this through our collective narratives. 
And our collective narratives must contain our individual stories, the arts, spiritual reflections, literature, and yes, even drumming. 
(Laughter) It must be a collective telling, because individual stories just create a paradigm where we are pitting one story against another story. 
These different models that I have talked about tonight I think are essential to providing us a pathway out of the quagmire of racism. 
And I want to talk about another very important model. 
And that is redemption. 
I believe that movements for racial justice must be redemptive rather than punitive. 
And yes, I believe that we must provide the possibility of redemption for everyone. 
And we must be willing, despite some of the vitriolic language that might come from those very people who oppress us, I think that we must listen to them and try to figure out where do they hurt. 
We must do this, I believe, because our redemption is tied into their redemption, And we will not be free until we've all been redeemed from unredemptive anger. 
The challenge is not easy. 
And in a technological society, it grows even more complicated, because often we use technologies to perpetuate the very values of racism that we indulge in every day. 
We use technology to bully, to perpetuate hate speech and to degrade each other's humanities. 
And so I believe that if we're going to humanize the future, we must design ways to use technology not to degrade us, but to elevate us so that we can live into the fullest of our capacities. 
And I believe that technology must provide us larger vistas so that we might engage with each other and move beyond the segregated spaces that we live in, every day of our lives. 
I believe that we can achieve this if we set our minds and hopes on the prize. 
The question before us tonight is very serious. 
It is: "Do you want to be healed? 
Do you want to be healed?" 
Do you want to become whole and live into all of your identities? 
Or do you want to continue to cannibalize your multiple identities and privilege one identity over the other? 
Do you want to join a long line of generations of people who believed in the promise of America and had the faith to upbuild democracy? 
Do you want to live into the fullest of your potential? 
I certainly do. 
And I believe you do, too. 
Let me just say, quite seriously, I believe in you. 
And despite everything, I still believe in America. 
I hope that this offering that I've given to you tonight, that I've shared with you tonight, will provide redemptive pathways so that you might claim the fullest of your identity and become a major participant in humanizing not only the future for yourselves, but also for our democracy. 
Thank you. 
(Applause) 

I thought I'd tell you a little about what I like to write. 
And I like to immerse myself in my topics. 
I just like to dive right in and become sort of a human guinea pig. 
And I see my life as a series of experiments. 
So, I work for Esquire magazine, and a couple of years ago, I wrote an article called "My Outsourced Life," where I hired a team of people in Bangalore, India, to live my life for me. 
So, they answered my emails. 
They answered my phone. 
They argued with my wife for me, and they read my son bedtime stories. 
It was the best month of my life, because I just sat back and I read books and watched movies. 
It was a wonderful experience. 
More recently, I wrote an article for Esquire called -- about radical honesty. 
And this is a movement where -- this is started by a psychologist in Virginia, who says that you should never, ever lie, except maybe during poker and golf, his only exceptions. 
And, more than that, whatever is on your brain should come out of your mouth. 
So, I decided I would try this for a month. 
This was the worst month of my life. 
(Laughter) I do not recommend this at all. 
To give you a sense of the experience, the article was called, "I Think You're Fat." 
(Laughter) So, that was hard. 
My most recent book -- my previous book was called "The Know-It-All," and it was about the year I spent reading the Encyclopedia Britannica from A to Z in my quest to learn everything in the world, or more precisely from Aak, which is a type of East Asian music, all the way to Zwyiec, which is -- well, I don't want to ruin the ending. 
(Laughter) It's a very exciting twist ending, like an O. Henry novel, so I won't ruin it. 
But I love that one, because that was an experiment about how much information one human brain could absorb. 
Although, listening to Kevin Kelly, you don't have to remember anything. 
You can just Google it. 
So, I wasted some time there. 
I love those experiments, but I think that the most profound and life-changing experiment that I've done is my most recent experiment, where I spent a year trying to follow all of the rules of the Bible, "The Year of Living Biblically." 
And I undertook this for two reasons. 
The first was that I grew up with no religion at all. 
As I say in my book, I'm Jewish in the same way the Olive Garden is Italian. 
(Laughter) So, not very. 
But I've become increasingly interested in religion. 
I do think it's the defining issue of our time, or one of the main ones. 
And I have a son. I want to know what to teach him. 
So, I decided to dive in head first, and try to live the Bible. 
The second reason I undertook this is because I'm concerned about the rise of fundamentalism, religious fundamentalism, and people who say they take the Bible literally, which is, according to some polls, as high as 45 or 50 percent of America. 
So I decided, what if you really did take the Bible literally? 
I decided to take it to its logical conclusion and take everything in the Bible literally, without picking and choosing. 
The first thing I did was I got a stack of bibles. 
I had Christian bibles. 
I had Jewish bibles. 
A friend of mine sent me something called a hip-hop bible, where the twenty-third Psalm is rendered as, "The Lord is all that," as opposed to what I knew it as, "The Lord is my shepherd." 
Then I went down and I read several versions, and I wrote down every single law that I could find. 
And this was a very long list -- over 700 rules. 
And they range from the famous ones that I had heard of -- The Ten Commandments, love your neighbor, be fruitful and multiply. 
So I wanted to follow those. 
And actually, I take my projects very seriously, because I had twins during my year, so I definitely take my projects seriously. 
But I also wanted to follow the hundreds of arcane and obscure laws that are in the Bible. 
There is the law in Leviticus, "You cannot shave the corners of your beard." 
I didn't know where my corners were, so I decided to let the whole thing grow, and this is what I looked like by the end. 
As you can imagine, I spent a lot of time at airport security. 
(Laughter) My wife wouldn't kiss me for the last two months. 
So, certainly the challenge was there. 
The Bible says you cannot wear clothes made of mixed fibers, so I thought, "Sounds strange, but I'll try it." 
You only know if you try it. 
I got rid of all my poly-cotton T-shirts. 
The Bible says that if two men are in a fight, and the wife of one of those men grabs the testicles of the other man, then her hand shall be cut off. 
So, I wanted to follow that rule. 
(Laughter) That one I followed by default, by not getting in a fight with a man whose wife was standing nearby, looking like she had a strong grip. 
(Laughter) So -- oh, there's another shot of my beard. 
I will say it was an amazing year because it really was life changing, and incredibly challenging. 
And there were two types of laws that were particularly challenging. 
The first was avoiding the little sins that we all commit every day. 
You know, I could spend a year not killing, but spending a year not gossiping, not coveting, not lying -- you know, I live in New York, and I work as a journalist, so this was 75, 80 percent of my day I had to do it. 
But it was really interesting, because I was able to make some progress, because I couldn't believe how much my behavior changed my thoughts. 
This was one of the huge lessons of the year, is that I almost pretended to be a better person, and I became a little bit of a better person. 
So I had always thought, you know, "You change your mind, and you change your behavior," but it's often the other way around. 
You change your behavior, and you change your mind. 
So, you know, if you want to become more compassionate, you visit sick people in the hospital, and you will become more compassionate. 
You donate money to a cause, and you become emotionally involved in that cause. 
So, it really was cognitive psychology -- you know, cognitive dissonance -- that I was experiencing. 
The Bible actually talks about cognitive psychology, very primitive cognitive psychology. 
In the Proverbs, it says that if you smile, you will become happier, which, as we know, is actually true. 
The second type of rule that was difficult to obey was the rules that will get you into a little trouble in twenty-first-century America. 
And perhaps the clearest example of this is stoning adulterers. 
(Laughter) But it's a big part of the Bible, so I figured I had to address it. 
So, I was able to stone one adulterer. 
It happened -- I was in the park, and I was dressed in my biblical clothing, so sandals and sort of a white robe, you know, because again, the outer affects the inner. 
I wanted to see how dressing biblically affected my mind. 
And this man came up to me and he said, "Why are you dressed like that?" 
And I explained my project, and he said, "Well, I am an adulterer, are you going to stone me?" 
And I said, "Well, that would be great!" 
(Laughter) And I actually took out a handful of stones from my pocket that I had been carrying around for weeks, hoping for just this interaction -- and, you know, they were pebbles -- but he grabbed them out of my hand. 
He was actually an elderly man, mid-70s, just so you know. 
But he's still an adulterer, and still quite angry. 
He grabbed them out of my hand and threw them at my face, and I felt that I could -- eye for an eye -- I could retaliate, and throw one back at him. 
So that was my experience stoning, and it did allow me to talk about, in a more serious way, these big issues. 
How can the Bible be so barbaric in some places, and yet so incredibly wise in others? 
How should we view the Bible? 
Should we view it, you know, as original intent, like a sort of a Scalia version of the Bible? 
How was the Bible written? 
And actually, since this is a tech crowd, I talk in the book about how the Bible actually reminds me of the Wikipedia, because it has all of these authors and editors over hundreds of years. 
And it's sort of evolved. 
It's not a book that was written and came down from on high. 
So I thought I would end by telling you just a couple of the take-aways, the bigger lessons that I learned from my year. 
The first is, thou shalt not take the Bible literally. 
This became very, very clear, early on. 
Because if you do, then you end up acting like a crazy person, and stoning adulterers, or -- here's another example. 
Well, that's another. I did spend some time shepherding. 
(Laughter) It's a very relaxing vocation. I recommend it. 
But this one is -- the Bible says that you cannot touch women during certain times of the month, and more than that, you cannot sit on a seat where a menstruating woman has sat. 
And my wife thought this was very offensive, so she sat in every seat in our apartment, and I had to spend much of the year standing until I bought my own seat and carried it around. 
So, you know, I met with creationists. 
I went to the creationists' museum. 
And these are the ultimate literalists. 
And it was fascinating, because they were not stupid people at all. 
I would wager that their IQ is exactly the same as the average evolutionist. 
It's just that their faith is so strong in this literal interpretation of the Bible that they distort all the data to fit their model. 
And they go through these amazing mental gymnastics to accomplish this. 
And I will say, though, the museum is gorgeous. 
They really did a fantastic job. 
If you're ever in Kentucky, there's, you can see a movie of the flood, and they have sprinklers in the ceiling that will sprinkle on you during the flood scenes. 
So, whatever you think of creationism -- and I think it's crazy -- they did a great job. 
(Laughter) Another lesson is that thou shalt give thanks. 
And this one was a big lesson because I was praying, giving these prayers of thanksgiving, which was odd for an agnostic. 
But I was saying thanks all the time, every day, and I started to change my perspective. 
And I started to realize the hundreds of little things that go right every day, that I didn't even notice, that I took for granted, as opposed to focusing on the three or four that went wrong. 
So, this is actually a key to happiness for me, is to just remember when I came over here, the car didn't flip over, and I didn't trip coming up the stairs. 
It's a remarkable thing. 
Third, that thou shall have reverence. 
This one was unexpected because I started the year as an agnostic, and by the end of the year, I became what a friend of mine calls a reverent agnostic, which I love. 
And I'm trying to start it as a movement. 
So, if anyone wants to join, the basic idea is, whether or not there is a God, there's something important and beautiful about the idea of sacredness, and that our rituals can be sacred. 
The Sabbath can be sacred. 
This was one of the great things about my year, doing the Sabbath, because I am a workaholic, so having this one day where you cannot work, it really, that changed my life. 
So, this idea of sacredness, whether or not there is a God. 
Thou shall not stereotype. 
This one happened because I spent a lot of time with various religious communities throughout America because I wanted it to be more than about my journey. 
I wanted it to be about religion in America. 
So, I spent time with evangelical Christians, and Hasidic Jews, and the Amish. 
I'm very proud because I think I'm the only person in America to out Bible-talk a Jehovah's Witness. 
(Laughter) After three and a half hours, he looked at his watch, he's like, "I gotta go." 
(Laughter) Oh, thank you very much. 
Thank you. Bless you, bless you. 
But it was interesting because I had some very preconceived notions about, for instance, evangelical Christianity, and I found that it's such a wide and varied movement that it is difficult to make generalizations about it. 
There's a group I met with called the Red Letter Christians, and they focus on the red words in the Bible, which are the ones that Jesus spoke. 
That's how they printed them in the old Bibles. 
And their argument is that Jesus never talked about homosexuality. 
They have a pamphlet that says, "Here's what Jesus said about homosexuality," and you open it up, and there's nothing in it. 
So, they say Jesus did talk a lot about helping the outcasts, helping poor people. 
So, this was very inspiring to me. 
I recommend Jim Wallis and Tony Campolo. 
They're very inspiring leaders, even though I disagree with much of what they say. 
Also, thou shalt not disregard the irrational. 
This one was very unexpected because, you know, I grew up with the scientific worldview, and I was shocked learning how much of my life is governed by irrational forces. 
And the thing is, if they're not harmful, they're not to be completely dismissed. 
Because I learned that -- I was thinking, I was doing all these rituals, these biblical rituals, separating my wool and linen, and I would ask these religious people "Why would the Bible possibly tell us to do this? Why would God care?" 
And they said, "We don't know, but it's just rituals that give us meaning." 
And I would say, "But that's crazy." 
And they would say, "Well, what about you? 
You blow out candles on top of a birthday cake. 
If a guy from Mars came down and saw, here's one guy blowing out the fire on top of a cake versus another guy not wearing clothes of mixed fabrics, would the Martians say, 'Well, that guy, he makes sense, but that guy's crazy?'" So no, I think that rituals are, by nature, irrational. 
So the key is to choose the right rituals, the ones that are not harmful -- but rituals by themselves are not to be dismissed. 
And finally I learned that thou shall pick and choose. 
And this one I learned because I tried to follow everything in the Bible. 
And I failed miserably. 
Because you can't. 
You have to pick and choose. And anyone who follows the Bible is going to be picking and choosing. 
The key is to pick and choose the right parts. 
There's the phrase called cafeteria religion, and the fundamentalists will use it in a denigrating way, and they'll say, "Oh, it's just cafeteria religion. 
You're just picking and choosing." 
But my argument is, "What's wrong with cafeterias?" 
I've had some great meals at cafeterias. 
I've also had some meals that make me want to dry heave. 
So, it's about choosing the parts of the Bible about compassion, about tolerance, about loving your neighbor, as opposed to the parts about homosexuality is a sin, or intolerance, or violence, which are very much in the Bible as well. 
So if we are to find any meaning in this book, then we have to really engage it, and wrestle with it. 
And I thought I'd end with just a couple more. 
There's me reading the Bible. 
That's how I hailed taxicabs. 
(Laughter) Seriously, and it worked. And yes, that was actually a rented sheep, so I had to return that in the morning, but it served well for a day. 
So, anyway, thank you so much for letting me speak. 

As a clergyman, you can imagine how out of place I feel. 
I feel like a fish out of water, or maybe an owl out of the air. 
(Laughter) I was preaching in San Jose some time ago, and my friend Mark Kvamme, who helped introduce me to this conference, brought several CEOs and leaders of some of the companies here in the Silicon Valley to have breakfast with me, or I with them. 
And I was so stimulated. 
And had such -- it was an eye-opening experience to hear them talk about the world that is yet to come through technology and science. 
I know that we're near the end of this conference, and some of you may be wondering why they have a speaker from the field of religion. 
Richard can answer that, because he made that decision. 
But some years ago I was on an elevator in Philadelphia, coming down. 
I was to address a conference at a hotel. 
And on that elevator a man said, "I hear Billy Graham is staying in this hotel." 
And another man looked in my direction and said, "Yes, there he is. He's on this elevator with us." 
And this man looked me up and down for about 10 seconds, and he said, "My, what an anticlimax!" 
(Laughter) I hope that you won't feel that these few moments with me is not a -- is an anticlimax, after all these tremendous talks that you've heard, and addresses, which I intend to listen to every one of them. 
But I was on an airplane in the east some years ago, and the man sitting across the aisle from me was the mayor of Charlotte, North Carolina. 
His name was John Belk. Some of you will probably know him. 
And there was a drunk man on there, and he got up out of his seat two or three times, and he was making everybody upset by what he was trying to do. 
And he was slapping the stewardess and pinching her as she went by, and everybody was upset with him. 
And finally, John Belk said, "Do you know who's sitting here?" 
And the man said, "No, who?" 
He said, "It's Billy Graham, the preacher." 
He said, "You don't say!" 
And he turned to me, and he said, "Put her there!" 
He said, "Your sermons have certainly helped me." 
(Laughter) And I suppose that that's true with thousands of people. 
(Laughter) I know that as you have been peering into the future, and as we've heard some of it here tonight, I would like to live in that age and see what is going to be. 
But I won't, because I'm 80 years old. This is my eightieth year, and I know that my time is brief. 
I have phlebitis at the moment, in both legs, and that's the reason that I had to have a little help in getting up here, because I have Parkinson's disease in addition to that, and some other problems that I won't talk about. 
(Laughter) But this is not the first time that we've had a technological revolution. 
We've had others. 
And there's one that I want to talk about. 
In one generation, the nation of the people of Israel had a tremendous and dramatic change that made them a great power in the Near East. 
A man by the name of David came to the throne, and King David became one of the great leaders of his generation. 
He was a man of tremendous leadership. 
He had the favor of God with him. 
He was a brilliant poet, philosopher, writer, soldier -- with strategies in battle and conflict that people study even today. 
But about two centuries before David, the Hittites had discovered the secret of smelting and processing of iron, and, slowly, that skill spread. 
But they wouldn't allow the Israelis to look into it, or to have any. 
But David changed all of that, and he introduced the Iron Age to Israel. 
And the Bible says that David laid up great stores of iron, and which archaeologists have found, that in present-day Palestine, there are evidences of that generation. 
Now, instead of crude tools made of sticks and stones, Israel now had iron plows, and sickles, and hoes and military weapons. 
And in the course of one generation, Israel was completely changed. 
The introduction of iron, in some ways, had an impact a little bit like the microchip has had on our generation. 
And David found that there were many problems that technology could not solve. 
There were many problems still left. 
And they're still with us, and you haven't solved them, and I haven't heard anybody here speak to that. 
How do we solve these three problems that I'd like to mention? 
The first one that David saw was human evil. 
Where does it come from? 
How do we solve it? 
Over again and again in the Psalms, which Gladstone said was the greatest book in the world, David describes the evils of the human race. 
And yet he says, "He restores my soul." 
Have you ever thought about what a contradiction we are? 
On one hand, we can probe the deepest secrets of the universe and dramatically push back the frontiers of technology, as this conference vividly demonstrates. 
We've seen under the sea, three miles down, or galaxies hundreds of billions of years out in the future. 
But on the other hand, something is wrong. 
Our battleships, our soldiers, are on a frontier now, almost ready to go to war with Iraq. 
Now, what causes this? 
Why do we have these wars in every generation, and in every part of the world? 
And revolutions? 
We can't get along with other people, even in our own families. 
We find ourselves in the paralyzing grip of self-destructive habits we can't break. 
Racism and injustice and violence sweep our world, bringing a tragic harvest of heartache and death. 
Even the most sophisticated among us seem powerless to break this cycle. 
I would like to see Oracle take up that, or some other technological geniuses work on this. 
How do we change man, so that he doesn't lie and cheat, and our newspapers are not filled with stories of fraud in business or labor or athletics or wherever? 
The Bible says the problem is within us, within our hearts and our souls. 
Our problem is that we are separated from our Creator, which we call God, and we need to have our souls restored, something only God can do. 
Jesus said, "For out of the heart come evil thoughts: murders, sexual immorality, theft, false testimonies, slander." 
The British philosopher Bertrand Russell was not a religious man, but he said, "It's in our hearts that the evil lies, and it's from our hearts that it must be plucked out." 
Albert Einstein -- I was just talking to someone, when I was speaking at Princeton, and I met Mr. Einstein. 
He didn't have a doctor's degree, because he said nobody was qualified to give him one. 
(Laughter) But he made this statement. 
He said, "It's easier to denature plutonium than to denature the evil spirit of man." 
And many of you, I'm sure, have thought about that and puzzled over it. 
You've seen people take beneficial technological advances, such as the Internet we've heard about tonight, and twist them into something corrupting. 
You've seen brilliant people devise computer viruses that bring down whole systems. 
The Oklahoma City bombing was simple technology, horribly used. 
The problem is not technology. 
The problem is the person or persons using it. 
King David said that he knew the depths of his own soul. 
He couldn't free himself from personal problems and personal evils that included murder and adultery. 
Yet King David sought God's forgiveness, and said, "You can restore my soul." 
You see, the Bible teaches that we're more than a body and a mind. 
We are a soul. 
And there's something inside of us that is beyond our understanding. 
That's the part of us that yearns for God, or something more than we find in technology. 
Your soul is that part of you that yearns for meaning in life, and which seeks for something beyond this life. 
It's the part of you that yearns, really, for God. 
I find [that] young people all over the world are searching for something. 
They don't know what it is. I speak at many universities, and I have many questions and answer periods, and whether it's Cambridge, or Harvard, or Oxford -- I've spoken at all of those universities. 
I'm going to Harvard in about three or four -- no, it's about two months from now -- to give a lecture. 
And I'll be asked the same questions that I was asked the last few times I've been there. 
And it'll be on these questions: where did I come from? Why am I here? Where am I going? 
What's life all about? Why am I here? 
Even if you have no religious belief, there are times when you wonder that there's something else. 
Thomas Edison also said, "When you see everything that happens in the world of science, and in the working of the universe, you cannot deny that there's a captain on the bridge." 
I remember once, I sat beside Mrs. Gorbachev at a White House dinner. 
I went to Ambassador Dobrynin, whom I knew very well. 
And I'd been to Russia several times under the Communists, and they'd given me marvelous freedom that I didn't expect. 
And I knew Mr. Dobrynin very well, and I said, "I'm going to sit beside Mrs. Gorbachev tonight. 
What shall I talk to her about?" 
And he surprised me with the answer. 
He said, "Talk to her about religion and philosophy. 
That's what she's really interested in." 
I was a little bit surprised, but that evening that's what we talked about, and it was a stimulating conversation. 
And afterward, she said, "You know, I'm an atheist, but I know that there's something up there higher than we are." 
The second problem that King David realized he could not solve was the problem of human suffering. 
Writing the oldest book in the world was Job, and he said, "Man is born unto trouble as the sparks fly upward." 
Yes, to be sure, science has done much to push back certain types of human suffering. 
But I'm -- in a few months, I'll be 80 years of age. 
I admit that I'm very grateful for all the medical advances that have kept me in relatively good health all these years. 
My doctors at the Mayo Clinic urged me not to take this trip out here to this -- to be here. 
I haven't given a talk in nearly four months. 
And when you speak as much as I do, three or four times a day, you get rusty. 
That's the reason I'm using this podium and using these notes. 
Every time you ever hear me on the television or somewhere, I'm ad-libbing. 
I'm not reading. I never read an address. 
I never read a speech or a talk or a lecture. 
I talk ad lib. 
But tonight, I've got some notes here so that if I begin to forget, which I do sometimes, I've got something I can turn to. 
But even here among us, most -- in the most advanced society in the world, we have poverty. 
We have families that self-destruct, friends that betray us. 
Unbearable psychological pressures bear down on us. 
I've never met a person in the world that didn't have a problem or a worry. 
Why do we suffer? It's an age-old question that we haven't answered. 
Yet David again and again said that he would turn to God. 
He said, "The Lord is my shepherd." 
The final problem that David knew he could not solve was death. 
Many commentators have said that death is the forbidden subject of our generation. 
Most people live as if they're never going to die. 
Technology projects the myth of control over our mortality. 
We see people on our screens. 
Marilyn Monroe is just as beautiful on the screen as she was in person, and our -- many young people think she's still alive. 
They don't know that she's dead. 
Or Clark Gable, or whoever it is. 
The old stars, they come to life. 
And they're -- they're just as great on that screen as they were in person. 
But death is inevitable. 
I spoke some time ago to a joint session of Congress, last year. 
And we were meeting in that room, the statue room. 
About 300 of them were there. 
And I said, "There's one thing that we have in common in this room, all of us together, whether Republican or Democrat, or whoever." 
I said, "We're all going to die. 
And we have that in common with all these great men of the past that are staring down at us." 
And it's often difficult for young people to understand that. 
It's difficult for them to understand that they're going to die. 
As the ancient writer of Ecclesiastes wrote, he said, there's every activity under heaven. 
There's a time to be born, and there's a time to die. 
I've stood at the deathbed of several famous people, whom you would know. 
I've talked to them. 
I've seen them in those agonizing moments when they were scared to death. 
And yet, a few years earlier, death never crossed their mind. 
I talked to a woman this past week whose father was a famous doctor. 
She said he never thought of God, never talked about God, didn't believe in God. He was an atheist. 
But she said, as he came to die, he sat up on the side of the bed one day, and he asked the nurse if he could see the chaplain. 
And he said, for the first time in his life he'd thought about the inevitable, and about God. 
Was there a God? 
A few years ago, a university student asked me, "What is the greatest surprise in your life?" 
And I said, "The greatest surprise in my life is the brevity of life. 
It passes so fast." 
But it does not need to have to be that way. 
Wernher von Braun, in the aftermath of World War II concluded, quote: "science and religion are not antagonists. 
On the contrary, they're sisters." 
He put it on a personal basis. 
I knew Dr. von Braun very well. 
And he said, "Speaking for myself, I can only say that the grandeur of the cosmos serves only to confirm a belief in the certainty of a creator." 
He also said, "In our search to know God, I've come to believe that the life of Jesus Christ should be the focus of our efforts and inspiration. 
The reality of this life and His resurrection is the hope of mankind." 
I've done a lot of speaking in Germany and in France, and in different parts of the world -- 105 countries it's been my privilege to speak in. 
And I was invited one day to visit Chancellor Adenauer, who was looked upon as sort of the founder of modern Germany, since the war. 
And he once -- and he said to me, he said, "Young man." He said, "Do you believe in the resurrection of Jesus Christ?" 
And I said, "Sir, I do." 
He said, "So do I." 
He said, "When I leave office, I'm going to spend my time writing a book on why Jesus Christ rose again, and why it's so important to believe that." 
In one of his plays, Alexander Solzhenitsyn depicts a man dying, who says to those gathered around his bed, "The moment when it's terrible to feel regret is when one is dying." 
How should one live in order not to feel regret when one is dying? 
Blaise Pascal asked exactly that question in seventeenth-century France. 
Pascal has been called the architect of modern civilization. 
He was a brilliant scientist at the frontiers of mathematics, even as a teenager. 
He is viewed by many as the founder of the probability theory, and a creator of the first model of a computer. 
And of course, you are all familiar with the computer language named for him. 
Pascal explored in depth our human dilemmas of evil, suffering and death. 
He was astounded at the phenomenon we've been considering: that people can achieve extraordinary heights in science, the arts and human enterprise, yet they also are full of anger, hypocrisy and have -- and self-hatreds. 
Pascal saw us as a remarkable mixture of genius and self-delusion. 
On November 23, 1654, Pascal had a profound religious experience. 
He wrote in his journal these words: "I submit myself, absolutely, to Jesus Christ, my redeemer." 
A French historian said, two centuries later, "Seldom has so mighty an intellect submitted with such humility to the authority of Jesus Christ." 
Pascal came to believe not only the love and the grace of God could bring us back into harmony, but he believed that his own sins and failures could be forgiven, and that when he died he would go to a place called heaven. 
He experienced it in a way that went beyond scientific observation and reason. 
It was he who penned the well-known words, "The heart has its reasons, which reason knows not of." 
Equally well known is Pascal's Wager. 
Essentially, he said this: "if you bet on God, and open yourself to his love, you lose nothing, even if you're wrong. 
But if instead you bet that there is no God, then you can lose it all, in this life and the life to come." 
For Pascal, scientific knowledge paled beside the knowledge of God. 
The knowledge of God was far beyond anything that ever crossed his mind. 
He was ready to face him when he died at the age of 39. 
King David lived to be 70, a long time in his era. 
Yet he too had to face death, and he wrote these words: "even though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil, for you are with me." 
This was David's answer to three dilemmas of evil, suffering and death. 
It can be yours, as well, as you seek the living God and allow him to fill your life and give you hope for the future. 
When I was 17 years of age, I was born and reared on a farm in North Carolina. 
I milked cows every morning, and I had to milk the same cows every evening when I came home from school. 
And there were 20 of them that I had -- that I was responsible for, and I worked on the farm and tried to keep up with my studies. 
I didn't make good grades in high school. 
I didn't make them in college, until something happened in my heart. 
One day, I was faced face-to-face with Christ. 
He said, "I am the way, the truth and the life." 
Can you imagine that? "I am the truth. 
I'm the embodiment of all truth." 
He was a liar. 
Or he was insane. 
Or he was what he claimed to be. 
Which was he? 
I had to make that decision. 
I couldn't prove it. 
I couldn't take it to a laboratory and experiment with it. 
But by faith I said, I believe him, and he came into my heart and changed my life. 
And now I'm ready, when I hear that call, to go into the presence of God. 
Thank you, and God bless all of you. 
(Applause) Thank you for the privilege. It was great. 
Richard Wurman: You did it. 
Thanks. 
(Applause) 

Curiosity: a blessing, or a curse? 
The paradoxical nature of this trait was personified for the ancient Greeks in the mythical figure of Pandora. 
According to legend, she was the first mortal woman, whose blazing curiosity set a chain of earth-shattering events in motion. 
Pandora was breathed into being by Hephaestus, God of fire, who enlisted the help of his divine companions to make her extraordinary. 
From Aphrodite she received the capacity for deep emotion; from Hermes she gained mastery over language. 
Athena gave the gift of fine craftsmanship and attention to detail, and Hermes gave her her name. 
Finally, Zeus bestowed two gifts on Pandora. 
The first was the trait of curiosity, which settled in her spirit and sent her eagerly out into the world. 
The second was a heavy box, ornately curved, heavy to hold  and screwed tightly shut. 
But the contents, Zeus told her, were not for mortal eyes. 
She was not to open the box under any circumstance. 
On earth, Pandora met and fell in love with Epimetheus, a talented titan who had been given the task of designing the natural world by Zeus. 
He had worked alongside his brother Prometheus, who created the first humans but was eternally punished for giving them fire. 
Epimetheus missed his brother desperately, but in Pandora he found another fiery-hearted soul for companionship. 
Pandora brimmed with excitement at life on earth. 
She was also easily distracted and could be impatient, given her thirst for knowledge and desire to question her surroundings. 
Often, her mind wandered to the contents of the sealed box. 
What treasure was so great it could never be seen by human eyes, and why was it in her care? 
Her fingers itched to pry it open. 
Sometimes she was convinced she heard voices whispering and the contents rattling around inside, as if straining to be free. 
Its enigma became maddening. 
Over time, Pandora became more and more obsessed with the box. 
It seemed there was a force beyond her control that drew her to the contents, which echoed her name louder and louder. 
One day she could bear it no longer. 
Stealing away from Epimetheus, she stared at the mystifying box. 
Shed take one glance inside, then be able to rid her mind of it forever... 
But at the first crack of the lid, the box burst open. 
Monstrous creatures and horrendous sounds rushed out in a cloud of smoke and swirled around her, screeching and cackling. 
Filled with terror, Pandora clawed desperately at the air to direct them back into their prison. 
But the creatures surged out in a gruesome cloud. 
She felt a wave of foreboding as they billowed away. 
Zeus had used the box as a vessel for all the forces of evil and suffering hed created  and once released, they were uncontainable. 
As she wept, Pandora became aware of a sound echoing from within the box. 
This was not the eerie whispering of demons, but a light tinkling that seemed to ease her anguish. 
When she once again lifted the lid and peered in, a warm beam of light rose out and fluttered away. 
As she watched it flickering in the wake of the evil shed unleashed, Pandoras pain was eased. 
She knew that opening the box was irreversible  but alongside the strife, shed set hope forth to temper its effects. 
Today, Pandoras Box suggests the extreme consequences of tampering with the unknown  but Pandoras burning curiosity also suggests the duality that lies at the heart of human inquiry. 
Are we bound to investigate everything we dont know, to mine the earth for more  or are there some mysteries that are better left unsolved? 

Let's start with silence. 
Silence is one of the most precious conditions for humans, because it allows us to feel the depth of our presence. 
This is one of the reasons why the advent of electric cars has generated lots of enthusiasm among people. 
For the first time, we could associate the concept of cars with the experience of silence. 
Cars can finally be quiet: peace in the streets, a silent revolution in the cities. 
(Hum) But silence can also be a problem. 
The absence of sound, in fact, when it comes to cars, it can be quite dangerous. 
Think of blind people, who can't see a car which is approaching. 
And now, if it's electric, they can't even hear it. 
Or think of every one of us as we are walking around the city, we are absorbed in our thoughts, and we detach from the surroundings. 
In these situations, sound can become our precious companion. 
Sound is one of the most wonderful gifts of our universe. 
Sound is emotion and sound is sublime, and when it comes to cars, sound is also information. 
In order to protect pedestrians and to give acoustic feedback to the drivers, governments around the world have introduced several regulations which prescribe the presence of a sound for electric vehicles. 
In particular, they require minimum sound levels at specific frequency bands up to the speed of 30 kilometers per hour. 
Besides this speed, the natural noise of the car is considered as sufficient. 
These regulations have generated different reactions among those who favor sounds and those who fear the presence of too much noise in the city. 
However, I don't see it as the noise of the car. 
I rather see it as the voice of the car. 
And this is one of my biggest challenges, and privileges, at the same time. 
I design the voice of electric cars. 
We all know how a combustion engine sounds like, and we do actually also know how an electric engine sounds like. 
Think of the electric tramway. 
As soon as it moves, it creates this ascending high-frequency pitch sound, which we called "whistling" sound. 
However, if we would just amplify this sound, we would still not be able to fulfill the legal requirements. 
That's also why we need to compose new sound. 
So how do we go after it? 
In many cities, the traffic is already very chaotic, and we don't need more chaos. 
But the streets of the 21st century are a great case study teeming with transience, cross purposes and disarray. 
And this landscape offers a great opportunity for developing new solutions on how to reduce this chaos. 
I have conceived a new approach that tries to reduce the chaos by introducing harmony. 
Since many people don't know how an electric car could sound like, I have to define, first of all, a new sound world, something that doesn't belong to our previous experience but creates a reference for the future. 
Together with a small team, we create lots of sonic textures that are able to transmit emotion. 
Just like a painter with colors, we are able to connect feelings and frequencies so that whenever one is approaching a car, we can feel an emotion which, besides fulfilling the legal requirements, speaks also about the character and the identity of the car. 
I call this paradigm "sound genetics." 
With sound genetics, I define, first of all, an aesthetic space of sound, and at the same time, I search for new, innovative methods for generating soundscapes that we don't know, soundscapes that allow us to envision abstract worlds, to make them tangible and audible. 
Sound genetics is based on three steps. 
The first one is the definition of a sonic organism, the second one is a description of sonic variations, and the third one is the composition of sound genes. 
The description of a sonic organism is based on a cluster of properties that every sound that I compose should have. 
[Sound is moving.] I transfer to a small sound entity, such as the sound of a car, the power of the motion of music, so that sound can move so. 
[Sound is acting.] And just like a dancer on a stage, sound will project trajectories of sound in the air. 
[Sound is memory.] And it's not just about the sound of a car. 
It's the memory of my father coming back home. 
[Sound is hypnotizing.] And sound has the power to create an unexpected sense of wonder, which hypnotizes. 
And ultimately, [Sound is superhuman.] sound goes beyond the human condition, because it allows us to transcend. 
As a second step, we define the sonic variations. 
[Identity prism] Just like humans, where different bodies generate different voices, also different car shapes have a different acoustic behavior which depends on the geometry and the materials. 
So we have to know, first of all, how this car propagates the sound outside by means of acoustic measurements. 
And just like a single voice is able to produce different tones and timbres, at the same time, we produce different sonic variations within a space of eight words that I defined. 
And some of them are, to me, really important, such as the concept of "visionary," of "elegance," of "dynamic," of "embracing." 
And once we have defined these two aspects, we have what I call the identity prism, which is something like the sonic identity card of a car. 
And as a third step, we enter the world of the sound design, where the sound genes are composed and a new archetype is conceived. 
Now let me show you another example of how I transform a sound field into a melody. 
Think that I am a violin player on stage. 
If I would start to play the violin, I would generate a sound field which would propagate in this hall, and at some point, the sound field would hit the side walls and would be scattered all over the place. 
And this is how it looked like. 
Some time ago, I captured several ways of sound to hit side walls. 
And last year, I was asked by the Bavarian Radio Symphony Orchestra to compose ringtones that they were going to play. 
So one of them, I had the idea to start from this sound field. 
I took a section, I superimposed the section over the distribution of the musicians onstage, and then I followed the blooming of the sound field by means of three parameters: time, intensity and frequency. 
Then I wrote down all the gradients for each instrument, and as you can see, for instance, the piece will start with the string section playing very softly, and then it's going to have a crescendo as the brasses, the woods will jump in, and the melody will end with a harp and a piano playing on the highest range. 
Let's listen how it sounded like. 
(Ethereal music) (Music ends) So this is the sound of my alarm clock, actually, in the morning. 
(Laughter) And now let's go back to electric cars. 
And let's listen to the first example that I showed you. 
(Hum) And now I would like to show you how a potential sound, based on the sound genetics for electric cars, could sound like. 
(Ethereal music) (Pitch rises with acceleration) Cars are a metaphor of time, distance and journey, of setting out and returning, of anticipation and adventure, but, at the same time, of intelligence and complexity, of human intuition and accomplishment. 
And the sound has to glorify all that. 
I see cars both as living creatures and as highly complex performative art installations. 
The sounds that we envision through sound genetics allow us not only to celebrate this complexity but also to make the world a more elegant and safe space. 
Thank you. 
(Applause) 

When I was in the sixth grade, I got into a fight at school. 
It wasn't the first time I'd been in a fight, but it was the first time one happened at school. 
It was with a boy who was about a foot taller than me, who was physically stronger than me and who'd been taunting me for weeks. 
One day in PE, he stepped on my shoe and refused to apologize. 
So, filled with anger, I grabbed him and I threw him to the ground. 
I'd had some previous judo training. 
(Laughter) Our fight lasted less than two minutes, but it was a perfect reflection of the hurricane that was building inside of me as a young survivor of sexual assault and as a girl who was grappling with abandonment and exposure to violence in other spaces in my life. 
I was fighting him, but I was also fighting the men and boys that had assaulted my body and the culture that told me I had to be silent about it. 
A teacher broke up the fight and my principal called me in her office. 
But she didn't say, "Monique, what's wrong with you?" 
She gave me a moment to collect my breath and asked, "What happened?" 
The educators working with me led with empathy. 
They knew me. 
They knew I loved to read, they knew I loved to draw, they knew I adored Prince. 
And they used that information to help me understand why my actions, and those of my classmate, were disruptive to the learning community they were leading. 
They didn't place me on suspension; they didn't call the police. 
My fight didn't keep me from going to school the next day. 
It didn't keep me from graduating; it didn't keep me from teaching. 
But unfortunately, that's not a story that's shared by many black girls in the US and around the world today. 
We're living through a crisis in which black girls are being disproportionately pushed away from schools --- not because of an imminent threat they pose to the safety of a school, but because they're often experiencing schools as locations for punishment and marginalization. 
That's something that I hear from black girls around the country. 
But it's not insurmountable. 
We can shift this narrative. 
Let's start with some data. 
According to a National Black Women's Justice Institute analysis of civil rights data collected by the US Department of Education, black girls are the only group of girls who are overrepresented along the entire continuum of discipline in schools. 
That doesn't mean that other girls aren't experiencing exclusionary discipline and it doesn't mean that other girls aren't overrepresented at other parts along that continuum. 
But black girls are the only group of girls who are overrepresented all along the way. 
Black girls are seven times more likely than their white counterparts to experience one or more out-of-school suspensions and they're nearly three times more likely than their white and Latinx counterparts to be referred to the juvenile court. 
A recent study by the Georgetown Center on Poverty and Inequality partially explained why this disparity is taking place when they confirmed that black girls experience a specific type of age compression, where they're seen as more adult-like than their white peers. 
Among other things, the study found that people perceive black girls to need less nurturing, less protection, to know more about sex and to be more independent than their white peers. 
The study also found that the perception disparity begins when girls are as young as five years old. 
And that this perception and the disparity increases over time and peaks when girls are between the ages of 10 and 14. 
This is not without consequence. 
Believing that a girl is older than she is can lead to harsher treatment, immediate censure when she makes a mistake and victim blaming when she's harmed. 
It can also lead a girl to think that something is wrong with her, rather than the conditions in which she finds herself. 
Black girls are routinely seen as too loud, too aggressive, too angry, too visible. 
Qualities that are often measured in relation to nonblack girls and which don't take into consideration what's going on in this girl's life or her cultural norms. 
And it's not just in the US. 
In South Africa, black girls at the Pretoria Girls High School were discouraged from attending school with their hair in its natural state, without chemical processing. 
What did those girls do? 
They protested. 
And it was a beautiful thing to see the global community for the most part wrap its arms around girls as they stood in their truths. 
But there were those who saw them as disruptive, largely because they dared to ask the question, "Where can we be black if we can't be black in Africa?" 
(Laughter) (Applause) It's a good question. 
Around the world, black girls are grappling with this question. 
And around the world, black girls are struggling to be seen, working to be free and fighting to be included in the landscape of promise that a safe space to learn provides. 
In the US, little girls, just past their toddler years, are being arrested in classrooms for having a tantrum. 
Middle school girls are being turned away from school because of the way they wear their hair naturally or because of the way the clothes fit their bodies. 
High school girls are experiencing violence at the hands of police officers in schools. 
Where can black girls be black without reprimand or punishment? 
And it's not just these incidents. 
In my work as a researcher and educator, I've had an opportunity to work with girls like Stacy, a girl who I profile in my book "Pushout," who struggles with her participation in violence. 
She bypasses the neuroscientific and structural analyses that science has to offer about how her adverse childhood experiences inform why she's participating in violence and goes straight to describing herself as a "problem child," largely because that's the language that educators were using as they routinely suspended her. 
But here's the thing. 
Disconnection and the internalization of harm grow stronger in isolation. 
So when girls get in trouble, we shouldn't be pushing them away, we should be bringing them in closer. 
Education is a critical protective factor against contact with the criminal legal system. 
So we should be building out policies and practices that keep girls connected to their learning, rather than pushing them away from it. 
It's one of the reasons I like to say that education is freedom work. 
When girls feel safe, they can learn. 
When they don't feel safe, they fight, they protest, they argue, they flee, they freeze. 
The human brain is wired to protect us when we feel a threat. 
And so long as school feels like a threat, or part of the tapestry of harm in a girl's life, she'll be inclined to resist. 
But when schools become locations for healing, they can also become locations for learning. 
So what does this mean for a school to become a location for healing? 
Well, for one thing, it means that we have to immediately discontinue the policies and practices that target black girls for their hairstyles or dress. 
(Applause) Let's focus on how and what a girl learns rather than policing her body in ways that facilitate rape culture or punish children for the conditions in which they were born. 
This is where parents and the community of concerned adults can enter this work. 
Start a conversation with the school and encourage them to address their dress code and other conduct-related policies as a collaborative project, with parents and students, so as to intentionally avoid bias and discrimination. 
Keep in mind, though, that some of the practices that harm black girls most are unwritten. 
So we have to continue to do the deep, internal work to address the biases that inform how, when and whether we see black girls for who they actually are, or what we've been told they are. 
Volunteer at a school and establish culturally competent and gender responsive discussion groups with black girls, Latinas, indigenous girls and other students who experience marginalization in schools to give them a safe space to process their identities and experiences in schools. 
And if schools are to become locations for healing, we have to remove police officers and increase the number of counselors in schools. 
(Applause) Education is freedom work. 
And whatever our point of entry is, we all have to be freedom fighters. 
The good news is that there are schools that are actively working to establish themselves as locations for girls to see themselves as sacred and loved. 
The Columbus City Prep School for Girls in Columbus, Ohio, is an example of this. 
They became an example the moment their principal declared that they were no longer going to punish girls for having "a bad attitude." 
In addition to building -- Essentially, what they did is they built out a robust continuum of alternatives to suspension, expulsion and arrest. 
In addition to establishing a restorative justice program, they improved their student and teacher relationships by ensuring that every girl has at least one adult on campus that she can go to when she's in a moment of crisis. 
They built out spaces along the corridors of the school and in classrooms for girls to regroup, if they need a minute to do so. 
And they established an advisory program that provides girls with an opportunity to start every single day with the promotion of self-worth, communication skills and goal setting. 
At this school, they're trying to respond to a girl's adverse childhood experiences rather than ignore them. 
They bring them in closer; they don't push them away. 
And as a result, their truancy and suspension rates have improved, and girls are arriving at school increasingly ready to learn because they know the teachers there care about them. 
That matters. 
Schools that integrate the arts and sports into their curriculum or that are building out tranformative programming, such as restorative justice, mindfulness and meditation, are providing an opportunity for girls to repair their relationships with others, but also with themselves. 
Responding to the lived, complex and historical trauma that our students face requires all of us who believe in the promise of children and adolescents to build relationships, learning materials, human and financial resources and other tools that provide children with an opportunity to heal, so that they can learn. 
Our schools should be places where we respond to our most vulnerable girls as essential to the creation of a positive school culture. 
Our ability to see her promise should be at its sharpest when she's in the throws of poverty and addiction; when she's reeling from having been sex-trafficked or survived other forms of violence; when she's at her loudest, or her quietest. 
We should be able to support her intellectual and social-emotional well-being whether her shorts reach her knees or stop mid-thigh or higher. 
It might seem like a tall order in a world so deeply entrenched in the politics of fear to radically imagine schools as locations where girls can heal and thrive, but we have to be bold enough to set this as our intention. 
If we commit to this notion of education as freedom work, we can shift educational conditions so that no girl, even the most vulnerable among us, will get pushed out of school. 
And that's a win for all of us. 
Thank you. 

In 1992, a cargo ship carrying bath toys got caught in a storm. 
Shipping containers washed overboard, and the waves swept 28,000 rubber ducks and other toys into the North Pacific. 
But they didnt stick together. 
Quite the opposite the ducks have since washed up all over the world, and researchers have used their paths to chart a better understanding of ocean currents. 
Ocean currents are driven by a range of sources: the wind, tides, changes in water density, and the rotation of the Earth. 
The topography of the ocean floor and the shoreline modifies those motions, causing currents to speed up, slow down, or change direction. 
Ocean currents fall into two main categories: surface currents and deep ocean currents. 
Surface currents control the motion of the top 10 percent of the oceans water, while deep-ocean currents mobilize the other 90 percent. 
Though they have different causes, surface and deep ocean currents influence each other in an intricate dance that keeps the entire ocean moving. 
Near the shore, surface currents are driven by both the wind and tides, which draw water back and forth as the water level falls and rises. 
Meanwhile, in the open ocean, wind is the major force behind surface currents. 
As wind blows over the ocean, it drags the top layers of water along with it. 
That moving water pulls on the layers underneath, and those pull on the ones beneath them. 
In fact, water as deep as 400 meters is still affected by the wind at the oceans surface. 
If you zoom out to look at the patterns of surface currents all over the earth, youll see that they form big loops called gyres, which travel clockwise in the northern hemisphere and counter-clockwise in the southern hemisphere. 
Thats because of the way the Earths rotation affects the wind patterns that give rise to these currents. 
If the earth didnt rotate, air and water would simply move back and forth between low pressure at the equator and high pressure at the poles. 
But as the earth spins, air moving from the equator to the North Pole is deflected eastward, and air moving back down is deflected westward. 
The mirror image happens in the southern hemisphere, so that the major streams of wind form loop-like patterns around the ocean basins. 
This is called the Coriolis Effect. 
The winds push the ocean beneath them into the same rotating gyres. 
And because water holds onto heat more effectively than air, these currents help redistribute warmth around the globe. 
Unlike surface currents, deep ocean currents are driven primarily by changes in the density of seawater. 
As water moves towards the North Pole, it gets colder. 
It also has a higher concentration of salt, because the ice crystals that form trap water while leaving salt behind. 
This cold, salty water is more dense, so it sinks, and warmer surface water takes its place, setting up a vertical current called thermohaline circulation. 
Thermohaline circulation of deep water and wind-driven surface currents combine to form a winding loop called the Global Conveyor Belt. 
As water moves from the depths of the ocean to the surface, it carries nutrients that nourish the microorganisms which form the base of many ocean food chains. 
The global conveyor belt is the longest current in the world, snaking all around the globe. 
But it only moves a few centimeters per second. 
It could take a drop of water a thousand years to make the full trip. 
However, rising sea temperatures are causing the conveyor belt to seemingly slow down. 
Models show this causing havoc with weather systems on both sides of the Atlantic, and no one knows what would happen if it continues to slow or if it stopped altogether. 
The only way well be able to forecast correctly and prepare accordingly will be to continue to study currents and the powerful forces that shape them. 

A garrulous grandmother and a roaming bandit face off on a dirt road. 
A Bible salesman lures a one-legged philosopher into a barn. 
A traveling handyman teaches a deaf woman her first word on an old plantation. 
From her farm in rural Georgia, surrounded by a flock of pet birds, Flannery OConnor scribbled tales of outcasts, intruders and misfits staged in the world she knew best: the American South. 
She published two novels, but is perhaps best known for her short stories, which explored small-town life with stinging language, offbeat humor, and delightfully unsavory scenarios. 
In her spare time OConnor drew cartoons, and her writing is also brimming with caricature. 
In her stories, a mother has a face as broad and innocent as a cabbage, a man has as much drive as a floor mop, and one womans body is shaped like a funeral urn. The names of her characters are equally sly. 
Take the story The Life You Save May be Your Own, where the one-handed drifter Tom Shiftlet wanders into the lives of an old woman named Lucynell Crater and her deaf and mute daughter. 
Though Mrs. Crater is self-assured, her isolated home is falling apart. 
At first, we may be suspicious of Shiftlets motives when he offers to help around the house, but OConnor soon reveals the old woman to be just as scheming as her unexpected guest and rattles the readers presumptions about who has the upper hand. 
For OConnor, no subject was off limits. 
Though she was a devout Catholic, she wasnt afraid to explore the possibility of pious thought and unpious behavior co-existing in the same person. 
In her novel The Violent Bear it Away, the main character grapples with the choice to become a man of God  but also sets fires and commits murder. 
The book opens with the reluctant prophet in a particularly compromising position: Francis Marion Tarwaters uncle had been dead for only half a day when the boy got too drunk to finish digging his grave. This leaves a passerby to drag the body from the breakfast table where it was still sitting and bury it [] with enough dirt on top to keep the dogs from digging it up. Though her own politics are still debated, OConnors fiction could also be attuned to the racism of the South. 
In Everything that Rises Must Converge, she depicts a son raging at his mothers bigotry. 
But the story reveals that he has his own blind spots and suggests that simply recognizing evil doesnt exempt his character from scrutiny. 
Even as OConnor probes the most unsavory aspects of humanity, she leaves the door to redemption open a crack. 
In A Good Man is Hard to Find, she redeems an insufferable grandmother for forgiving a hardened criminal, even as he closes in on her family. 
Though we might balk at the price the woman pays for this redemption, were forced to confront the nuance in moments we might otherwise consider purely violent or evil. 
OConnors mastery of the grotesque and her explorations of the insularity and superstition of the South led her to be classified as a Southern Gothic writer. 
But her work pushed beyond the purely ridiculous and frightening characteristics associated with the genre to reveal the variety and nuance of human character. 
She knew some of this variety was uncomfortable, and that her stories could be an acquired taste  but she took pleasure in challenging her readers. 
OConnor died of lupus at the age of 39, after the disease had mostly confined her to her farm in Georgia for twelve years. 
During those years, she penned much of her most imaginative work. 
Her ability to flit between revulsion and revelation continues to draw readers to her endlessly surprising fictional worlds. 
As her character Tom Shiftlet notes, the body is like a house: it dont go anywhere, but the spirit, lady, is like an automobile: always on the move. 

Now, Hegel -- he very famously said that Africa was a place without history, without past, without narrative. 
Yet, I'd argue that no other continent has nurtured, has fought for, has celebrated its history more concertedly. 
The struggle to keep African narrative alive has been one of the most consistent and hard-fought endeavors of African peoples, and it continues to be so. 
The struggles endured and the sacrifices made to hold onto narrative in the face of enslavement, colonialism, racism, wars and so much else has been the underpinning narrative of our history. 
And our narrative has not just survived the assaults that history has thrown at it. 
We've left a body of material culture, artistic magistery and intellectual output. 
We've mapped and we've charted and we've captured our histories in ways that are the measure of anywhere else on earth. 
Long before the meaningful arrival of Europeans -- indeed, whilst Europe was still mired in its Dark Age -- Africans were pioneering techniques in recording, in nurturing history, forging revolutionary methods for keeping their story alive. 
And living history, dynamic heritage -- it remains important to us. 
We see that manifest in so many ways. 
I'm reminded of how, just last year -- you might remember it -- the first members of the al Qaeda-affiliated Ansar Dine were indicted for war crimes and sent to the Hague. 
And one of the most notorious was Ahmad al-Faqi, who was a young Malian, and he was charged, not with genocide, not with ethnic cleansing, but with being one of the instigators of a campaign to destroy some of Mali's most important cultural heritage. 
This wasn't vandalism; these weren't thoughtless acts. 
One of the things that al-Faqi said when he was asked to identify himself in court was that he was a graduate, that he was a teacher. 
Over the course of 2012, they engaged in a systematic campaign to destroy Mali's cultural heritage. 
This was a deeply considered waging of war in the most powerful way that could be envisaged: in destroying narrative, in destroying stories. 
The attempted destruction of nine shrines, the central mosque and perhaps as many as 4,000 manuscripts was a considered act. 
They understood the power of narrative to hold communities together, and they conversely understood that in destroying stories, they hoped they would destroy a people. 
But just as Ansar Dine and their insurgency were driven by powerful narratives, so was the local population's defense of Timbuktu and its libraries. 
These were communities who've grown up with stories of the Mali Empire; lived in the shadow of Timbuktu's great libraries. 
They'd listened to songs of its origin from their childhood, and they weren't about to give up on that without a fight. 
Over difficult months of 2012, during the Ansar Dine invasion, Malians, ordinary people, risked their lives to secrete and smuggle documents to safety, doing what they could to protect historic buildings and defend their ancient libraries. 
And although they weren't always successful, many of the most important manuscripts were thankfully saved, and today each one of the shrines that was damaged during that uprising have been rebuilt, including the 14th-century mosque that is the symbolic heart of the city. 
It's been fully restored. 
But even in the bleakest periods of the occupation, enough of the population of Timbuktu simply would not bow to men like al-Faqi. 
They wouldn't allow their history to be wiped away, and anyone who has visited that part of the world, they will understand why, why stories, why narrative, why histories are of such importance. 
History matters. 
History really matters. 
And for peoples of African descent, who have seen their narrative systematically assaulted over centuries, this is critically important. 
This is part of a recurrent echo across our history of ordinary people making a stand for their story, for their history. 
Just as in the 19th century, enslaved peoples of African descent in the Caribbean fought under threat of punishment, fought to practice their religions, to celebrate Carnival, to keep their history alive. 
Ordinary people were prepared to make great sacrifices, some even the ultimate sacrifice, for their history. 
And it was through control of narrative that some of the most devastating colonial campaigns were crystallized. 
It was through the dominance of one narrative over another that the worst manifestations of colonialism became palpable. 
When, in 1874, the British attacked the Ashanti, they overran Kumasi and captured the Asantehene. 
They knew that controlling territory and subjugating the head of state -- it wasn't enough. 
They recognized that the emotional authority of state lay in its narrative and the symbols that represented it, like the Golden Stool. 
They understood that control of story was absolutely critical to truly controlling a people. 
And the Ashanti understood, too, and they never were to relinquish the precious Golden Stool, never to completely capitulate to the British. 
Narrative matters. 
In 1871, Karl Mauch, a German geologist working in Southern Africa, he stumbled across an extraordinary complex, a complex of abandoned stone buildings. 
And he never quite recovered from what he saw: a granite, drystone city, stranded on an outcrop above an empty savannah: Great Zimbabwe. 
And Mauch had no idea who was responsible for what was obviously an astonishing feat of architecture, but he felt sure of one single thing: this narrative needed to be claimed. 
He later wrote that the wrought architecture of Great Zimbabwe was simply too sophisticated, too special to have been built by Africans. 
Mauch, like dozens of Europeans that followed in his footsteps, speculated on who might have built the city. 
And one went as far as to posit, "I do not think that I am far wrong if I suppose that that ruin on the hill is a copy of King Solomon's Temple." 
And as I'm sure you know, Mauch, he hadn't stumbled upon King Solomon's Temple, but upon a purely African complex of buildings constructed by a purely African civilization from the 11th century onward. 
But like Leo Frobenius, a fellow German anthropologist who speculated some years later, upon seeing the Nigerian Ife Heads for the very first time, that they must have been artifacts from the long-lost kingdom of Atlantis. 
He felt, just like Hegel, an almost instinctive need to rob Africa of its history. 
These ideas are so irrational, so deeply held, that even when faced with the physical archaeology, they couldn't think rationally. 
They could no longer see. 
And like so much of Africa's relationship with Enlightenment Europe, it involved appropriation, denigration and control of the continent. 
It involved an attempt to bend narrative to Europe's ends. 
And if Mauch had really wanted to find an answer to his question, "Where did Great Zimbabwe or that great stone building come from?" 
he would have needed to begin his quest a thousand miles away from Great Zimbabwe, at the eastern edge of the continent, where Africa meets the Indian Ocean. 
He would have needed to trace the gold and the goods from some of the great trading emporia of the Swahili coast to Great Zimbabwe, to gain a sense of the scale and influence of that mysterious culture, to get a picture of Great Zimbabwe as a political, cultural entity through the kingdoms and the civilizations that were drawn under its control. 
For centuries, traders have been drawn to that bit of the coast from as far away as India and China and the Middle East. 
And it might be tempting to interpret, because it's exquisitely beautiful, that building, it might be tempting to interpret it as just an exquisite, symbolic jewel, a vast ceremonial sculpture in stone. 
But the site must have been a complex at the center of a significant nexus of economies that defined this region for a millennium. 
This matters. 
These narratives matter. 
Even today, the fight to tell our story is not just against time. 
It's not just against organizations like Ansar Dine. 
It's also in establishing a truly African voice after centuries of imposed histories. 
We don't just have to recolonize our history, but we have to find ways to build back the intellectual underpinning that Hegel denied was there at all. 
We have to rediscover African philosophy, African perspectives, African history. 
The flowering of Great Zimbabwe -- it wasn't a freak moment. 
It was part of a burgeoning change across the whole of the continent. 
Perhaps the great exemplification of that was Sundiata Keita, the founder of the Mali Empire, probably the greatest empire that West Africa has ever seen. 
Sundiata Keita was born about 1235, growing up in a time of profound flux. 
He was seeing the transition between the Berber dynasties to the north, he may have heard about the rise of the Ife to the south and perhaps even the dominance of the Solomaic Dynasty in Ethiopia to the east. 
And he must have been aware that he was living through a moment of quickening change, of growing confidence in our continent. 
He must have been aware of new states that were building their influence from as far afield as Great Zimbabwe and the Swahili sultanates, each engaged directly or indirectly beyond the continent itself, each driven also to invest in securing their intellectual and cultural legacy. 
He probably would have engaged in trade with these peer nations as part of a massive continental nexus of great medieval African economies. 
And like all of those great empires, Sundiata Keita invested in securing his legacy through history by using story -- not just formalizing the idea of storytelling, but in building a whole convention of telling and retelling his story as a key to founding a narrative for his empire. 
And these stories, in musical form, are still sung today. 
Now, several decades after the death of Sundiata, a new king ascended the throne, Mansa Musa, its most famous emperor. 
Now, Mansa Musa is famed for his vast gold reserves and for sending envoys to the courts of Europe and the Middle East. 
He was every bit as ambitious as his predecessors, but saw a different kind of route of securing his place in history. 
In 1324, Mansa Musa went on pilgrimage to Mecca, and he traveled with a retinue of thousands. 
It's been said that 100 camels each carried 100 pounds of gold. 
It's been recorded that he built a fully functioning mosque every Friday of his trip, and performed so many acts of kindness, that the great Berber chronicler, Ibn Battuta, wrote, "He flooded Cairo with kindness, spending so much in the markets of North Africa and the Middle East that it affected the price of gold into the next decade." 
And on his return, Mansa Musa memorialized his journey by building a mosque at the heart of his empire. 
And the legacy of what he left behind, Timbuktu, it represents one of the great bodies of written historical material produced by African scholars: about 700,000 medieval documents, ranging from scholarly works to letters, which have been preserved often by private households. 
And at its peak, in the 15th and 16th centuries, the university there was as influential as any educational establishment in Europe, attracting about 25,000 students. 
This was in a city of around 100,000 people. 
It cemented Timbuktu as a world center of learning. 
But this was a very particular kind of learning that was focused and driven by Islam. 
And since I first visited Timbuktu, I've visited many other libraries across Africa, and despite Hegel's view that Africa has no history, not only is it a continent with an embarrassment of history, it has developed unrivaled systems for collecting and promoting it. 
There are thousands of small archives, textile drum stores, that have become more than repositories of manuscripts and material culture. 
They have become fonts of communal narrative, symbols of continuity, and I'm pretty sure that many of those European philosophers who questioned an African intellectual tradition must have, beneath their prejudices, been aware of the contribution of Africa's intellectuals to Western learning. 
They must have known of the great North African medieval philosophers who had driven the Mediterranean. 
They must have known about and been aware of that tradition that is part of Christianity, of the three wise men. 
And in the medieval period, Balthazar, that third wise man, was represented as an African king. 
And he became hugely popular as the third intellectual leg of Old World learning, alongside Europe and Asia, as a peer. 
These things were well-known. 
These communities did not grow up in isolation. 
Timbuktu's wealth and power developed because the city became a hub of lucrative intercontinental trade routes. 
This was one center in a borderless, transcontinental, ambitious, outwardly focused, confident continent. 
Berber merchants, they carried salt and textiles and new precious goods and learning down into West Africa from across the desert. 
But as you can see from this map that was produced a little time after the life of Mansa Musa, there was also a nexus of sub-Saharan trade routes, along which African ideas and traditions added to the intellectual worth of Timbuktu and indeed across the desert to Europe. 
Manuscripts and material culture, they have become fonts of communal narrative, symbols of continuity. 
And I'm pretty sure that those European intellectuals who cast aspersions on our history, they knew fundamentally about our traditions. 
And today, as strident forces like Ansar Dine and Boko Haram grow popular in West Africa, it's that spirit of truly indigenous, dynamic, intellectual defiance that holds ancient traditions in good stead. 
When Mansa Musa made Timbuktu his capital, he looked upon the city as a Medici looked upon Florence: as the center of an open, intellectual, entrepreneurial empire that thrived on great ideas wherever they came from. 
The city, the culture, the very intellectual DNA of this region remains so beautifully complex and diverse, that it will always remain, in part, located in storytelling traditions that derive from indigenous, pre-Islamic traditions. 
The highly successful form of Islam that developed in Mali became popular because it accepted those freedoms and that inherent cultural diversity. 
And the celebration of that complexity, that love of rigorously contested discourse, that appreciation of narrative, was and remains, in spite of everything, the very heart of West Africa. 
And today, as the shrines and the mosque vandalized by Ansar Dine have been rebuilt, many of the instigators of their destruction have been jailed. 
And we are left with powerful lessons, reminded once again of how our history and narrative have held communities together for millennia, how they remain vital in making sense of modern Africa. 
And we're also reminded of how the roots of this confident, intellectual, entrepreneurial, outward-facing, culturally porous, tariff-free Africa was once the envy of the world. 
But those roots, they remain. 
Thank you very much. 
(Applause) 

We know about our universes past: the Big Bang theory predicts that all matter, time, and space began in an incredibly tiny, compact state about 14 billion years ago. 
And we know about the present: scientists observations of the movement of galaxies tell us that the universe is expanding at an accelerated rate. 
But what about the future? 
Do we know how our universe is going to end? 
Cosmologists have three possible answers for this question, called the Big Freeze, the Big Rip and the Big Crunch. 
To understand these three scenarios, imagine two objects representing galaxies. 
A short, tight rubber band is holding them together thats the attractive force of gravity. 
Meanwhile, two hooks are pulling them apart thats the repulsive force expanding the universe. 
Copy this system over and over again, and you have something approximating the real universe. 
The outcome of the battle between these two opposing forces determines how the end of the universe will play out. 
The Big Freeze scenario is what happens if the force pulling the objects apart is just strong enough to stretch the rubber band until it loses its elasticity. 
The expansion wouldnt be able to accelerate anymore, but the universe would keep getting bigger. 
Clusters of galaxies would separate. 
The objects within the galaxies suns, planets, and solar systems would move away from each other, until galaxies dissolved into lonely objects floating separately in the vast space. 
The light they emit would be redshifted to long wavelengths with very low, faint energies, and the gas emanating from them would be too thin to create new stars. 
The universe would become darker and colder, approaching a frozen state also known as the Big Chill, or the Heat Death of the Universe. 
But what if the repulsive force is so strong that it stretches the rubber band past its elastic limit, and actually tears it? 
If the expansion of the universe continues to accelerate, it will eventually overcome not only the gravitational force  tearing apart galaxies and solar systems but also the electromagnetic, weak, and strong nuclear forces which hold atoms and nuclei together. 
As a result, the matter that makes up stars breaks into tiny pieces. 
Even atoms and subatomic particles will be destroyed. 
Thats the Big Rip. 
What about the third scenario, where the rubber band wins out? 
That corresponds to a possible future in which the force of gravity brings the universes expansion to a halt and then reverses it. 
Galaxies would start rushing towards each other, and as they clumped together their gravitational pull would get even stronger. 
Stars too would hurtle together and collide. 
Temperatures would rise as space would get tighter and tighter. 
The size of the universe would plummet until everything compressed into such a small space that even atoms and subatomic particles would have to crunch together. 
The result would be an incredibly dense, hot, compact universe  a lot like the state that preceded the Big Bang. 
This is the Big Crunch. 
Could this tiny point of matter explode in another Big Bang? 
Could the universe expand and contract over and over again, repeating its entire history? 
The theory describing such a universe is known as the Big Bounce. 
In fact, theres no way to tell how many bounces couldve already happened or how many might happen in the future. 
Each bounce would wipe away any record of the universes previous history. 
Which one of those scenarios will be the real one? 
The answer depends on the exact shape of the universe, the amount of dark energy it holds, and changes in its expansion rate. 
As of now, our observations suggest that were heading for a Big Freeze. 
But the good news is that weve probably got about 10 to the 100th power years before the chill sets in  so dont start stocking up on mittens just yet. 

So, a little while ago, members of my family had three bits of minor surgery, about a half hour each, and we got three sets of bills. 
For the first one, the anesthesia bill alone was 2,000 dollars; the second one, 2,000 dollars; the third one, 6,000 dollars. 
So I'm a journalist. I'm like, what's up with that? 
I found out that I was actually, for the expensive one, being charged 1,419 dollars for a generic anti-nausea drug that I could buy online for two dollars and forty-nine cents. 
I had a long and unsatisfactory argument with the hospital, the insurer and my employer. 
Everybody agreed that this was totally fine. 
But it got me thinking, and the more I talked to people, the more I realized: nobody has any idea what stuff costs in health care. 
Not before, during or after that procedure or test do you have any idea what it's going to cost. 
It's only months later that you get an "explanation of benefits" that explains exactly nothing. 
So this came back to me a little while later. 
I had volunteered for a buyout from the New York Times, where I had worked for more than 20 years as a journalist. 
I was looking for my next act. 
It turned out that next act was to build a company telling people what stuff costs in health care. 
I won a "Shark Tank"-type pitch contest to do just that. 
Health costs ate up almost 18 percent of our gross domestic product last year, but nobody has any idea what stuff costs. 
But what if we did know? 
So we started out small. 
We called doctors and hospitals and asked them what they would accept as a cash payment for simple procedures. 
Some people were helpful. 
A lot of people hung up on us. 
Some people were just plain rude. 
They said, "We don't know," or, "Our lawyers won't let us tell you that," though we did get a lot of information. 
We found, for example, that here in the New York area, you could get an echocardiogram for 200 dollars in Brooklyn or for 2,150 dollars in Manhattan, just a few miles away. 
New Orleans, the same simple blood test, 19 dollars over here, 522 dollars just a few blocks away. 
San Francisco, the same MRI, 475 dollars or 6,221 dollars just 25 miles away. 
These pricing variations existed for all the procedures and all the cities that we surveyed. 
Then we started to ask people to tell us their health bills. 
In partnership with public radio station WNYC here in New York, we asked women to tell us the prices of their mammograms. 
People told us nobody would do that, that it was too personal. 
But in the space of three weeks, 400 women told us about their prices. 
Then we started to make it easier for people to share their data into our online searchable database. 
It's sort of like a mash-up of Kayak.com and the Waze traffic app for health care. 
(Laughter) We call it a community-created guide to health costs. 
Our survey and crowdsourcing work grew into partnerships with top newsrooms nationwide -- in New Orleans, Philadelphia, San Francisco, Los Angeles, Miami and other places. 
We used the data to tell stories about people who were suffering and how to avoid that suffering, to avoid that "gotcha" bill. 
A woman in New Orleans saved nearly 4,000 dollars using our data. 
A San Francisco contributor saved nearly 1,300 dollars by putting away his insurance card and paying cash. 
There are a lot of people who are going to in-network hospitals and getting out-of-network bills. 
And then there was the hospital that continued to bill a dead man. 
We learned that thousands of people wanted to tell us their prices. 
They want to learn what stuff costs, find out how to argue a bill, help us solve this problem that's hurting them and their friends and families. 
We talked to people who had to sell a car to pay a health bill, go into bankruptcy, skip a treatment because of the cost. 
Imagine if you could afford the diagnosis but not the cure. 
We set off a huge conversation about costs involving doctors and hospitals, yes, but also their patients, or as we like to call them, people. 
(Laughter) We changed policy. 
A consumer protection bill that had been stalled in the Louisiana legislature for 10 years passed after we launched. 
Let's face it: this huge, slow-rolling public health crisis is a national emergency. 
And I don't think government's going to help us out anytime soon. 
But what if the answer was really simple: make all the prices public all the time. 
Would our individual bills go down? Our health premiums? 
Be really clear about this: this is a United States problem. 
In most of the rest of the developed world, sick people don't have to worry about money. 
It's also true that price transparency will not solve every problem. 
There will still be expensive treatments, huge friction from our insurance system. 
There will still be fraud and a massive problem with overtreatment and overdiagnosis. 
And not everything is shoppable. 
Not everybody wants the cheapest appendectomy or the cheapest cancer care. 
But when we talk about these clear effects, we're looking at a real issue that's actually very simple. 
When we first started calling for prices, we actually felt like we were going to be arrested. 
It seemed kind of transgressive to talk about medicine and health care in the same breath, and yet it became liberating, because we found not only data but also good and honest people out there in the system who want to help folks get the care they need at a price they can afford. 
And it got easier to ask. 
So I'll leave you with some questions. 
What if we all knew what stuff cost in health care in advance? 
What if, every time you Googled for an MRI, you got drop-downs telling you where to buy and for how much, the way you do when you Google for a laser printer? 
What if all of the time and energy and money that's spent hiding prices was squeezed out of the system? 
What if each one of us could pick the $19 test every time instead of the $522 one? 
Would our individual bills go down? 
Our premiums? 
I don't know, but if you don't ask, you'll never know. 
And you might save a ton of money. 
And I've got to think that a lot of us and the system itself would be a lot healthier. 
Thank you. 
(Applause) 

Following a devastating nuclear war, Lilith Iyapo awakens after 250 years of stasis to find herself surrounded by a group of aliens called the Oankali. 
These highly evolved beings want to trade DNA by breeding with humans so that each species genes can diversify and fortify the other. 
The only alternative they offer is sterilization of the entire human race. 
Should humanity take the leap into the biological unknown, or hold on to its identity and perish? 
Questions like this haunt Octavia Butlers "Dawn," the first in her trilogy "Liliths Brood." 
A visionary storyteller who upended science fiction, Butler built stunning worlds throughout her work and explored dilemmas that keep us awake at night. 
Born in 1947, Butler grew up shy and introverted in Pasadena, California. 
She dreamt up stories from an early age, and was soon scribbling these scenarios on paper. 
At twelve, she begged her mother for a typewriter after enduring a campy science fiction film called "Devil Girl From Mars." 
Unimpressed with what she saw, Butler knew she could tell a better story. 
Much science fiction features white male heroes who blast aliens or become saviors of brown people. 
Butler wanted to write diverse characters for diverse audiences. 
She brought nuance and depth to the representation of their experiences. 
For Butler, imagination was not only for planting the seeds of science fiction but also a strategy for surviving an unjust world on ones own terms. 
Her work often takes troubling features of the world such as discrimination on the basis of race, gender, class, or ability, and invites the reader to contemplate them in new contexts. 
One of her most beloved novels, the "Parable of the Sower," follows this pattern. 
It tells the story of Lauren Oya Olamina as she makes her way through a near-future California, ruined by corporate greed, inequality, and environmental destruction. 
As she struggles with hyperempathy, or a condition in the novel that causes her to feel others pain, and less often, their pleasure. 
Lauren embarks on a quest with a group of refugees to find a place to thrive. 
There, they seek to live in accordance with Laurens found religion, Earthseed, which is based on the principle that humans must adapt to an ever-changing world. 
Laurens quest had roots in a real life event California Prop 187, which attempted to deny undocumented immigrants fundamental human rights, before it was deemed unconstitutional. 
Butler frequently incorporated contemporary news into her writing. 
In her 1998 sequel to "The Parable of the Sower," "Parable of the Talents," she wrote of a presidential candidate who controls Americans with virtual reality and shock collars. His slogan? Make America great again. While people have noted her prescience, Butler was also interested in re-examining history. 
For instance, "Kindred" tells the story of a woman who is repeatedly pulled back in time to the Maryland plantation of her ancestors. 
Early on, she learns that her mission is to save the life of the white man who will rape her great grandmother. 
If she doesnt save him, she herself will cease to exist. 
This grim dilemma forces Dana to confront the ongoing trauma of slavery and sexual violence against Black women. 
With her stories of women founding new societies, time travelers overcoming historical strife, and interspecies bonding, Butler had a profound influence on the growing popularity of Afrofuturism. 
Thats a cultural movement where Black writers and artists who are inspired by the past, present and future, produce works that incorporate magic, history, technology and much more. 
As Lauren comes to learn in "Parable of the Sower," "All that you touch you Change. 
All that you Change Changes you. 
The only lasting truth is Change. 

The informal markets of Africa are stereotypically seen as chaotic and lackadaisical. 
The downside of hearing the word "informal" is this automatic grand association we have, which is very negative, and it's had significant consequences and economic losses, easily adding -- or subtracting -- 40 to 60 percent of the profit margin for the informal markets alone. 
As part of a task of mapping the informal trade ecosystem, we've done an extensive literature review of all the reports and research on cross-border trade in East Africa, going back 20 years. 
This was to prepare us for fieldwork to understand what was the problem, what was holding back informal trade in the informal sector. 
What we discovered over the last 20 years was, nobody had distinguished between illicit -- which is like smuggling or contraband in the informal sector -- from the legal but unrecorded, such as tomatoes, oranges, fruit. 
This criminalization -- what in Swahili refers to as "biashara," which is the trade or the commerce, versus "magendo," which is the smuggling or contraband -- this criminalization of the informal sector, in English, by not distinguishing between these aspects, easily can cost each African economy between 60 to 80 percent addition on the annual GDP growth rate, because we are not recognizing the engine of what keeps the economies running. 
The informal sector is growing jobs at four times the rate of the traditional formal economy, or "modern" economy, as many call it. 
It offers employment and income generation opportunities to the most "unskilled" in conventional disciplines. 
But can you make a french fry machine out of an old car? 
So, this, ladies and gentlemen, is what so desperately needs to be recognized. 
As long as the current assumptions hold that this is criminal, this is shadow, this is illegal, there will be no attempt at integrating the informal economic ecosystem with the formal or even the global one. 
I'm going to tell you a story of Teresia, a trader who overturned all our assumptions, made us question all the stereotypes that we'd gone in on, based on 20 years of literature review. 
Teresia sells clothes under a tree in a town called Malaba, on the border of Uganda and Kenya. 
You think it's very simple, don't you? 
We'll go hang up new clothes from the branches, put out the tarp, settle down, wait for customers, and there we have it. 
She was everything we were expecting according to the literature, to the research, right down to she was a single mom driven to trade, supporting her kids. 
So what overturned our assumptions? 
What surprised us? 
First, Teresia paid the county government market fees every single working day for the privilege of setting up shop under her tree. 
She's been doing it for seven years, and she's been getting receipts. 
She keeps records. 
We're seeing not a marginal, underprivileged, vulnerable African woman trader by the side of the road -- no. 
We were seeing somebody who's keeping sales records for years; somebody who had an entire ecosystem of retail that comes in from Uganda to pick up inventory; someone who's got handcarts bringing the goods in, or the mobile money agent who comes to collect cash at the end of the evening. 
Can you guess how much Teresia spends, on average, each month on inventory -- stocks of new clothes that she gets from Nairobi? 
One thousand five hundred US dollars. 
That's around 20,000 US dollars invested in trade goods and services every year. 
This is Teresia, the invisible one, the hidden middle. 
And she's only the first rung of the small entrepreneurs, the micro-businesses that can be found in these market towns. 
At least in the larger Malaba border, she's at the first rung. 
The people further up the value chain are easily running three lines of business, investing 2,500 to 3,000 US dollars every month. 
So the problem turned out that it wasn't the criminalization; you can't really criminalize someone you're charging receipts from. 
It's the lack of recognition of their skilled occupations. 
The bank systems and structures have no means to recognize them as micro-businesses, much less the fact that, you know, her tree doesn't have a forwarding address. 
So she's trapped in the middle. 
She's falling through the cracks of our assumptions. 
You know all those microloans to help African women traders? 
They're going to loan her 50 dollars or 100 dollars. 
What's she going to do with it? 
She spends 10 times that amount every month just on inventory -- we're not talking about the additional services or the support ecosystem. 
These are the ones who fit neither the policy stereotype of the low-skilled and the marginalized, nor the white-collar, salaried office worker or civil servant with a pension that the middle classes are allegedly composed of. 
Instead, what we have here are the proto-SMEs these are the fertile seeds of businesses and enterprises that keep the engines running. 
They put food on your table. 
Even here in this hotel, the invisible ones -- the butchers, the bakers the candlestick makers -- they make the machines that make your french fries and they make your beds. 
These are the invisible businesswomen trading across borders, all on the side of the road, and so they're invisible to data gatherers. 
And they're mashed together with the vast informal sector that doesn't bother to distinguish between smugglers and tax evaders and those running illegal whatnot, and the ladies who trade, and who put food on the table and send their kids to university. 
So that's really what I'm asking here. 
That's all that we need to start by doing. 
Can we start by recognizing the skills, the occupations? 
We could transform the informal economy by beginning with this recognition and then designing the customized doorways for them to enter or integrate with the formal, with the global, with the entire system. 
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. 
(Applause) 

You don't know them. 
You don't see them. 
But they're always around, whispering, making secret plans, building armies with millions of soldiers. 
And when they decide to attack, they all attack at the same time. 
I'm talking about bacteria. 
(Laughter) Who did you think I was talking about? 
Bacteria live in communities just like humans. 
They have families, they talk, and they plan their activities. 
And just like humans, they trick, deceive, and some might even cheat on each other. 
What if I tell you that we can listen to bacterial conversations and translate their confidential information into human language? 
And what if I tell you that translating bacterial conversations can save lives? 
I hold a PhD in nanophysics, and I've used nanotechnology to develop a real-time translation tool that can spy on bacterial communities and give us recordings of what bacteria are up to. 
Bacteria live everywhere. 
They're in the soil, on our furniture and inside our bodies. 
In fact, 90 percent of all the live cells in this theater are bacterial. 
Some bacteria are good for us; they help us digest food or produce antibiotics. 
And some bacteria are bad for us; they cause diseases and death. 
To coordinate all the functions bacteria have, they have to be able to organize, and they do that just like us humans -- by communicating. 
But instead of using words, they use signaling molecules to communicate with each other. 
When bacteria are few, the signaling molecules just flow away, like the screams of a man alone in the desert. 
But when there are many bacteria, the signaling molecules accumulate, and the bacteria start sensing that they're not alone. 
They listen to each other. 
In this way, they keep track of how many they are and when they're many enough to initiate a new action. 
And when the signaling molecules have reached a certain threshold, all the bacteria sense at once that they need to act with the same action. 
So bacterial conversation consists of an initiative and a reaction, a production of a molecule and the response to it. 
In my research, I focused on spying on bacterial communities inside the human body. 
How does it work? 
We have a sample from a patient. 
It could be a blood or spit sample. 
We shoot electrons into the sample, the electrons will interact with any communication molecules present, and this interaction will give us information on the identity of the bacteria, the type of communication and how much the bacteria are talking. 
But what is it like when bacteria communicate? 
Before I developed the translation tool, my first assumption was that bacteria would have a primitive language, like infants that haven't developed words and sentences yet. 
When they laugh, they're happy; when they cry, they're sad. 
Simple as that. 
But bacteria turned out to be nowhere as primitive as I thought they would be. 
A molecule is not just a molecule. 
It can mean different things depending on the context, just like the crying of babies can mean different things: sometimes the baby is hungry, sometimes it's wet, sometimes it's hurt or afraid. 
Parents know how to decode those cries. 
And to be a real translation tool, it had to be able to decode the signaling molecules and translate them depending on the context. 
And who knows? 
Maybe Google Translate will adopt this soon. 
(Laughter) Let me give you an example. 
I've brought some bacterial data that can be a bit tricky to understand if you're not trained, but try to take a look. 
(Laughter) Here's a happy bacterial family that has infected a patient. 
Let's call them the Montague family. 
They share resources, they reproduce, and they grow. 
One day, they get a new neighbor, bacterial family Capulet. 
(Laughter) Everything is fine, as long as they're working together. 
But then something unplanned happens. 
Romeo from Montague has a relationship with Juliet from Capulet. 
(Laughter) And yes, they share genetic material. 
(Laughter) Now, this gene transfer can be dangerous to the Montagues that have the ambition to be the only family in the patient they have infected, and sharing genes contributes to the Capulets developing resistance to antibiotics. 
So the Montagues start talking internally to get rid of this other family by releasing this molecule. 
(Laughter) And with subtitles: [Let us coordinate an attack.] (Laughter) Let's coordinate an attack. 
And then everybody at once responds by releasing a poison that will kill the other family. 
[Eliminate!] (Laughter) The Capulets respond by calling for a counterattack. 
[Counterattack!] And they have a battle. 
This is a video of real bacteria dueling with swordlike organelles, where they try to kill each other by literally stabbing and rupturing each other. 
Whoever's family wins this battle becomes the dominant bacteria. 
So what I can do is to detect bacterial conversations that lead to different collective behaviors like the fight you just saw. 
And what I did was to spy on bacterial communities inside the human body in patients at a hospital. 
I followed 62 patients in an experiment, where I tested the patient samples for one particular infection, without knowing the results of the traditional diagnostic test. 
Now, in bacterial diagnostics, a sample is smeared out on a plate, and if the bacteria grow within five days, the patient is diagnosed as infected. 
When I finished the study and I compared the tool results to the traditional diagnostic test and the validation test, I was shocked. 
It was far more astonishing than I had ever anticipated. 
But before I tell you what the tool revealed, I would like to tell you about a specific patient I followed, a young girl. 
She had cystic fibrosis, a genetic disease that made her lungs susceptible to bacterial infections. 
This girl wasn't a part of the clinical trial. 
I followed her because I knew from her medical record that she had never had an infection before. 
Once a month, this girl went to the hospital to cough up a sputum sample that she spit in a cup. 
This sample was transferred for bacterial analysis at the central laboratory so the doctors could act quickly if they discovered an infection. 
And it allowed me to test my device on her samples as well. 
The first two months I measured on her samples, there was nothing. 
But the third month, I discovered some bacterial chatter in her sample. 
The bacteria were coordinating to damage her lung tissue. 
But the traditional diagnostics showed no bacteria at all. 
I measured again the next month, and I could see that the bacterial conversations became even more aggressive. 
Still, the traditional diagnostics showed nothing. 
My study ended, but a half a year later, I followed up on her status to see if the bacteria only I knew about had disappeared without medical intervention. 
They hadn't. 
But the girl was now diagnosed with a severe infection of deadly bacteria. 
It was the very same bacteria my tool discovered earlier. 
And despite aggressive antibiotic treatment, it was impossible to eradicate the infection. 
Doctors deemed that she would not survive her 20s. 
When I measured on this girl's samples, my tool was still in the initial stage. 
I didn't even know if my method worked at all, therefore I had an agreement with the doctors not to tell them what my tool revealed in order not to compromise their treatment. 
So when I saw these results that weren't even validated, I didn't dare to tell because treating a patient without an actual infection also has negative consequences for the patient. 
But now we know better, and there are many young boys and girls that still can be saved because, unfortunately, this scenario happens very often. 
Patients get infected, the bacteria somehow don't show on the traditional diagnostic test, and suddenly, the infection breaks out in the patient with severe symptoms. 
And at that point, it's already too late. 
The surprising result of the 62 patients I followed was that my device caught bacterial conversations in more than half of the patient samples that were diagnosed as negative by traditional methods. 
In other words, more than half of these patients went home thinking they were free from infection, although they actually carried dangerous bacteria. 
Inside these wrongly diagnosed patients, bacteria were coordinating a synchronized attack. 
They were whispering to each other. 
What I call "whispering bacteria" are bacteria that traditional methods cannot diagnose. 
So far, it's only the translation tool that can catch those whispers. 
I believe that the time frame in which bacteria are still whispering is a window of opportunity for targeted treatment. 
If the girl had been treated during this window of opportunity, it might have been possible to kill the bacteria in their initial stage, before the infection got out of hand. 
What I experienced with this young girl made me decide to do everything I can to push this technology into the hospital. 
Together with doctors, I'm already working on implementing this tool in clinics to diagnose early infections. 
Although it's still not known how doctors should treat patients during the whispering phase, this tool can help doctors keep a closer eye on patients in risk. 
It could help them confirm if a treatment had worked or not, and it could help answer simple questions: Is the patient infected? 
And what are the bacteria up to? 
Bacteria talk, they make secret plans, and they send confidential information to each other. 
But not only can we catch them whispering, we can all learn their secret language and become ourselves bacterial whisperers. 
And, as bacteria would say, "3-oxo-C12-aniline." 
(Laughter) (Applause) Thank you. 

So, 2014 was a big year for me. 
Do you ever have that, just like a big year, like a banner year? 
For me, it went like this: October 3, I lost my second pregnancy. 
And then October 8, my dad died of cancer. 
And then on November 25, my husband Aaron died after three years with stage-four glioblastoma, which is just a fancy word for brain cancer. 
So, I'm fun. 
(Laughter) People love to invite me out all the time. 
Packed social life. 
Usually, when I talk about this period of my life, the reaction I get is essentially: (Sighs) "I can't -- I can't imagine." 
But I do think you can. 
I think you can. 
And I think that you should because, someday, it's going to happen to you. 
Maybe not these specific losses in this specific order or at this speed, but like I said, I'm very fun and the research that I have seen will stun you: everyone you love has a 100 percent chance of dying. 
(Laughter) And that's why you came to TED. 
(Laughter) (Applause) So, since all of this loss happened, I've made it a career to talk about death and loss, not just my own, because it's pretty easy to recap, but the losses and tragedies that other people have experienced. 
It's a niche, I have to say. 
(Laughter) It's a small niche, and I wish I made more money, but ... 
(Laughter) I've written some very uplifting books, host a very uplifting podcast, I started a little nonprofit. 
I'm just trying to do what I can to make more people comfortable with the uncomfortable, and grief is so uncomfortable. 
It's so uncomfortable, especially if it's someone else's grief. 
So part of that work is this group that I started with my friend Moe, who is also a widow; we call it the Hot Young Widows Club. 
(Laughter) And it's real, we have membership cards and T-shirts. 
And when your person dies, your husband, wife, girlfriend, boyfriend, literally don't care if you were married, your friends and your family are just going to look around through friends of friends of friends of friends until they find someone who's gone through something similar, and then they'll push you towards each other so you can talk amongst yourselves and not get your sad on other people. 
(Laughter) So that's what we do. 
It's just a series of small groups, where men, women, gay, straight, married, partnered, can talk about their dead person, and say the things that the other people in their lives aren't ready or willing to hear yet. 
Huge range of conversations. 
Like, "My husband died two weeks ago, I can't stop thinking about sex, is that normal?" 
Yeah. 
"What if it's one of the Property Brothers?" 
Less normal, but I'll accept it. 
(Laughter) Things like, "Look, when I'm out in public and I see old people holding hands, couples who have clearly been together for decades, and then I look at them and I imagine all of the things they've been through together, the good things, the bad things, the arguments they've had over who should take out the trash ... 
I just find my heart filled with rage." 
(Laughter) And that example is personal to me. 
Most of the conversations that we have in the group can and will just stay amongst ourselves, but there are things that we talk about that the rest of the world -- the world that is grief-adjacent but not yet grief-stricken -- could really benefit from hearing. 
And if you can't tell, I'm only interested in / capable of unscientific studies, so what I did was go to The Hot Young Widows Club and say, "Hello, friends, remember when your person died?" They did. 
"Do you remember all the things people said to you?" 
"Oh, yeah." 
"Which ones did you hate the most?" 
I got a lot of comments, lot of answers, people say a lot of things, but two rose to the top pretty quickly. 
"Moving on." 
Now, since 2014, I will tell you I have remarried a very handsome man named Matthew, we have four children in our blended family, we live in the suburbs of Minneapolis, Minnesota, USA. 
We have a rescue dog. 
(Laughter) I drive a minivan, like the kind where doors open and I don't even touch them. 
(Laughter) Like, by any "mezhure," life is good. 
I've also never said "mezhure," I've never once said it that way. 
(Laughter) I don't know where that came from. 
(Laughter) I've never heard anyone else say it that way. 
It looks like it should be said that way, and that's why the English language is trash, so ... 
(Laughter) So impressed with anyone who, like, speaks it in addition to a language that makes sense -- good job. 
(Laughter) But by any measure ... 
(Laughter) By any measure, life is really, really good, but I haven't "moved on." 
I haven't moved on, and I hate that phrase so much, and I understand why other people do. 
Because what it says is that Aaron's life and death and love are just moments that I can leave behind me -- and that I probably should. 
And when I talk about Aaron, I slip so easily into the present tense, and I've always thought that made me weird. 
And then I noticed that everybody does it. 
And it's not because we are in denial or because we're forgetful, it's because the people we love, who we've lost, are still so present for us. 
So, when I say, "Oh, Aaron is ..." 
It's because Aaron still is. 
And it's not in the way that he was before, which was much better, and it's not in the way that churchy people try to tell me that he would be. 
It's just that he's indelible, and so he is present for me. 
Here, he's present for me in the work that I do, in the child that we had together, in these three other children I'm raising, who never met him, who share none of his DNA, but who are only in my life because I had Aaron and because I lost Aaron. 
He's present in my marriage to Matthew, because Aaron's life and love and death made me the person that Matthew wanted to marry. 
So I've not moved on from Aaron, I've moved forward with him. 
(Applause) We spread Aaron's ashes in his favorite river in Minnesota, and when the bag was empty -- because when you're cremated, you fit into a plastic bag -- there were still ashes stuck to my fingers. 
And I could have just put my hands in the water and rinsed them, but instead, I licked my hands clean, because I was so afraid of losing more than I had already lost, and I was so desperate to make sure that he would always be a part of me. 
But of course he would be. 
Because when you watch your person fill himself with poison for three years, just so he can stay alive a little bit longer with you, that stays with you. 
When you watch him fade from the healthy person he was the night you met to nothing, that stays with you. 
When you watch your son, who isn't even two years old yet, walk up to his father's bed on the last day of his life, like he knows what's coming in a few hours, and say, "I love you. All done. Bye, bye." 
That stays with you. 
Just like when you fall in love, finally, like really fall in love with someone who gets you and sees you and you even see, "Oh, my God, I've been wrong this entire time. 
Love is not a contest or a reality show -- it's so quiet, it's this invisible thread of calm that connects the two of us even when everything is chaos, when things are falling apart, even when he's gone." 
That stays with you. 
We used to do this thing -- because my hands are always freezing and he's so warm, where I would take my ice-cold hands and shove them up his shirt ... 
press them against his hot bod. 
(Laughter) And he hated it so much, (Laughter) but he loved me, and after he died, I laid in bed with Aaron and I put my hands underneath him and I felt his warmth. 
And I can't even tell you if my hands were cold, but I can tell you that I knew it was the last time I would ever do that. 
And that that memory is always going to be sad. 
That memory will always hurt. 
Even when I'm 600 years old and I'm just a hologram. 
(Laughter) Just like the memory of meeting him is always going to make me laugh. 
Grief doesn't happen in this vacuum, it happens alongside of and mixed in with all of these other emotions. 
So, I met Matthew, my current husband -- who doesn't love that title, (Laughter) but it's so accurate. 
(Laughter) I met Matthew, and ... 
there was this audible sigh of relief among the people who love me, like, "It's over! 
She did it. 
She got a happy ending, we can all go home. 
And we did good." 
And that narrative is so appealing even to me, and I thought maybe I had gotten that, too, but I didn't. 
I got another chapter. 
And it's such a good chapter -- I love you, honey -- it's such a good chapter. 
But especially at the beginning, it was like an alternate universe, or one of those old "choose your own adventure" books from the '80s where there are two parallel plot lines. 
So I opened my heart to Matthew, and my brain was like, "Would you like to think about Aaron? 
Like, the past, the present, future, just get in there," and I did. 
And all of a sudden, those two plots were unfurling at once, and falling in love with Matthew really helped me realize the enormity of what I lost when Aaron died. 
And just as importantly, it helped me realize that my love for Aaron and my grief for Aaron, and my love for Matthew, are not opposing forces. 
They are just strands to the same thread. 
They're the same stuff. 
I'm ... what would my parents say? 
I'm not special. 
(Laughter) They had four kids, they were like ... frankly. 
(Laughter) But I'm not, I'm not special. 
I know that, I'm fully aware that all day, every day, all around the world, terrible things are happening. 
All the time. 
Like I said, fun person. 
But terrible things are happening, people are experiencing deeply formative and traumatic losses every day. 
And as part of my job, this weird podcast that I have, I sometimes talk to people about the worst thing that's ever happened to them. 
And sometimes, that's the loss of someone they love, sometimes days ago or weeks ago, years ago, even decades ago. 
And these people that I interview, they haven't closed themselves around this loss and made it the center of their lives. 
They've lived, their worlds have kept spinning. 
But they're talking to me, a total stranger, about the person they love who has died, because these are the experiences that mark us and make us just as much as the joyful ones. 
And just as permanently. 
Long after you get your last sympathy card or your last hot dish. 
Like, we don't look at the people around us experiencing life's joys and wonders and tell them to "move on," do we? 
We don't send a card that's like, "Congratulations on your beautiful baby," and then, five years later, think like, "Another birthday party? Get over it." 
(Laughter) Yeah, we get it, he's five. 
(Laughter) Wow. 
(Laughter) But grief is kind of one of those things, like, falling in love or having a baby or watching "The Wire" on HBO, where you don't get it until you get it, until you do it. 
And once you do it, once it's your love or your baby, once it's your grief and your front row at the funeral, you get it. 
You understand what you're experiencing is not a moment in time, it's not a bone that will reset, but that you've been touched by something chronic. 
Something incurable. 
It's not fatal, but sometimes grief feels like it could be. 
And if we can't prevent it in one another, what can we do? 
What can we do other than try to remind one another that some things can't be fixed, and not all wounds are meant to heal? 
We need each other to remember, to help each other remember, that grief is this multitasking emotion. 
That you can and will be sad, and happy; you'll be grieving, and able to love in the same year or week, the same breath. 
We need to remember that a grieving person is going to laugh again and smile again. 
If they're lucky, they'll even find love again. 
But yes, absolutely, they're going to move forward. 
But that doesn't mean that they've moved on. 
Thank you. 
(Applause) 

In 2019, humanity received a warning: 30 of the world's leading scientists released the results of a massive three-year study into global agriculture and declared that meat production is destroying our planet and jeopardizing global health. 
One of the study's authors explained that "humanity now poses a threat to the stability of the planet ... 
[This requires] nothing less than a new global agricultural revolution." 
As somebody who's spent the last two decades advocating a shift away from industrial meat production, I wanted to believe that this clarion call was going to make a difference. 
The thing is, I've seen this sort of thing again and again and again for decades. 
Here's 2018 from the journal "Nature," 2017 from "Bioscience Journal," 2016 from the National Academy of Sciences. 
The main point of these studies tends to be climate change. 
But antibiotic resistance represents just as big of a threat. 
We are feeding massive doses of antibiotics to farm animals. 
These antibiotics are then mutating into superbugs that threaten to render antibiotics obsolete within all of our lifetimes. 
You want a scare? 
Google: "the end of working antibiotics." 
I'm going to get one thing out of the way: I am not here to tell anybody what to eat. 
Individual action is great, but antibiotic resistance and climate change -- they require more. 
Besides, convincing the world to eat less meat hasn't worked. 
For 50 years, environmentalists, global health experts and animal activists have been begging the public to eat less meat. 
And yet, per capita meat consumption is as high as it's been in recorded history. 
The average North American last year ate more than 200 pounds of meat. 
And I didn't eat any. 
(Laughter) Which means somebody out there ate 400 pounds of meat. 
(Laughter) On our current trajectory, we're going to need to be producing 70 to 100 percent more meat by 2050. 
This requires a global solution. 
What we need to do is we need to produce the meat that people love, but we need to produce it in a whole new way. 
I've got a couple of ideas. 
Idea number one: let's grow meat from plants. 
Instead of growing plants, feeding them to animals, and all of that inefficiency, let's grow those plants, let's biomimic meat with them, let's make plant-based meat. 
Idea number two: for actual animal meat, let's grow it directly from cells. 
Instead of growing live animals, let's grow the cells directly. 
It takes six weeks to grow a chicken to slaughter weight. 
Grow the cells directly, you can get that same growth in six days. 
This is what that looks like at scale. 
It's your friendly neighborhood meat brewery. 
(Laughter) I want to make two points about this. 
The first one is, we believe we can do it. 
In recent years, some companies have been producing meat from plants that consumers cannot distinguish from actual animal meat, and there are now dozens of companies growing actual animal meat directly from cells. 
This plant-based and cell-based meat gives consumers everything that they love about meat -- the taste, the texture and so on -- but with no need for antibiotics and with a fraction of the adverse impact on the climate. 
And because these two technologies are so much more efficient, at production scale these products will be cheaper. 
But one quick point about that -- it's not going to be easy. 
These plant-based companies have spent small fortunes on their burgers, and cell-based meat has not yet been commercialized at all. 
So we're going to need all hands on deck to make these the global meat industry. 
For starters, we need the present meat industry. 
We don't want to disrupt the meat industry, we want to transform it. 
We need their economies of scale, their global supply chain, their marketing expertise and their massive consumer base. 
We also need governments. 
Governments spend tens of billions of dollars every single year on research and development focused on global health and the environment. 
They should be putting some of that money into optimizing and perfecting the production of plant-based and cell-based meat. 
Look, tens of thousands of people died from antibiotic-resistant superbugs in North America just last year. 
By 2050, that number is going to be 10 million per year globally. 
And climate change represents an existential threat to huge portions of our global family, including some of the poorest people on the face of the planet. 
Climate change, antibiotic resistance -- these are global emergencies. 
Meat production is exacerbating these emergencies on a global scale. 
But we are not going to decrease meat consumption unless we give consumers alternatives that cost the same or less and that taste the same or better. 
We have the solution. 
Let's make meat from plants. Let's grow it directly from cells. 
It's past time that we mobilize the resources that are necessary to create the next global agricultural revolution. 
Thank you. 
(Applause) 

Do you think the things we build today will be considered wonders in the future? 
Think of Stonehenge, the Pyramids, Machu Picchu and Easter Island. 
Now, they're all pretty different from what we're doing today, with those massive stones, assembled in complex but seemingly illogical ways, and all traces of their construction erased, shrouding them in mystery. 
It seems like people could not have possibly built these things, because people didn't. 
They were carefully crafted by a primordial race of giants known as Cyclops. 
(Laughter) And I've been collaborating with these monsters to learn their secrets for moving those massive stones. 
And as it turns out, Cyclops aren't even that strong. 
They're just really smart about getting material to work for them. 
Now, the videos you see behind me of large, stone-like, wobbly creatures are the results of this collaboration. 
OK, so Cyclops might be a mythical creature, but those wonders are still real. 
People made them. 
But they also made the myths that surround them, and when it comes to wonders, there's this thick connective tissue between mythology and reality. 
Take Easter Island, for example. 
When the Dutch explorers first encountered the island, they asked the people of Rapa Nui how their ancestors could have possibly moved those massive statues. 
And the Rapa Nui said, "Our ancestors didn't move the statues, because the statues walked themselves." 
For centuries, this was dismissed, but actually it's true. 
The statues, known as moai, were transported standing, pivoting from side to side. 
OK? 
As spectacular as the moai are for visitors today, you have to imagine being there then, with colossal moai marching around the island. 
Because the real memorial was not the objects themselves, it was the cultural ritual of bringing a stone to life. 
So as an architect, I've been chasing that dream. 
How can we shift our idea of construction to accommodate that mythical side? 
So what I've been doing is challenging myself with putting on a series of performances of the ancient but pretty straightforward task of just moving and standing big heavy objects, like this 16-foot-tall megalith designed to walk across land and stand vertically; or this 4,000-pound behemoth that springs itself to life to dance onstage. 
And what I've found is that by thinking of architecture not as an end product but as a performance from conception to completion, we end up rediscovering some really smart ways to build things today. 
You know, so much of the discussion surrounding our future focuses on technology, efficiency and speed. 
But if I've learned anything from Cyclops, it's that wonders can be smart, spectacular and sustainable -- because of their mass and their mystery. 
And while people still want to know how those ancient wonders were built, I've been asking Cyclops how to create the mystery that compels people to ask that very question. 
Because in an era where we design buildings to last 30, maybe 60 years, I would love to learn how to create something that could entertain for an eternity. 
Thank you. 
(Applause) 

I want to talk today about how reading can change our lives and about the limits of that change. 
I want to talk to you about how reading can give us a shareable world of powerful human connection. 
But also about how that connection is always partial. 
How reading is ultimately a lonely, idiosyncratic undertaking. 
The writer who changed my life was the great African American novelist James Baldwin. 
When I was growing up in Western Michigan in the 1980s, there weren't many Asian American writers interested in social change. 
And so I think I turned to James Baldwin as a way to fill this void, as a way to feel racially conscious. 
But perhaps because I knew I wasn't myself African American, I also felt challenged and indicted by his words. 
Especially these words: "There are liberals who have all the proper attitudes, but no real convictions. 
When the chips are down and you somehow expect them to deliver, they are somehow not there." 
They are somehow not there. 
I took those words very literally. 
Where should I put myself? 
I went to the Mississippi Delta, one of the poorest regions in the United States. 
This is a place shaped by a powerful history. 
In the 1960s, African Americans risked their lives to fight for education, to fight for the right to vote. 
I wanted to be a part of that change, to help young teenagers graduate and go to college. 
When I got to the Mississippi Delta, it was a place that was still poor, still segregated, still dramatically in need of change. 
My school, where I was placed, had no library, no guidance counselor, but it did have a police officer. 
Half the teachers were substitutes and when students got into fights, the school would send them to the local county jail. 
This is the school where I met Patrick. 
He was 15 and held back twice, he was in the eighth grade. 
He was quiet, introspective, like he was always in deep thought. 
And he hated seeing other people fight. 
I saw him once jump between two girls when they got into a fight and he got himself knocked to the ground. 
Patrick had just one problem. 
He wouldn't come to school. 
He said that sometimes school was just too depressing because people were always fighting and teachers were quitting. 
And also, his mother worked two jobs and was just too tired to make him come. 
So I made it my job to get him to come to school. 
And because I was crazy and 22 and zealously optimistic, my strategy was just to show up at his house and say, "Hey, why don't you come to school?" 
And this strategy actually worked, he started to come to school every day. 
And he started to flourish in my class. 
He was writing poetry, he was reading books. 
He was coming to school every day. 
Around the same time that I had figured out how to connect to Patrick, I got into law school at Harvard. 
I once again faced this question, where should I put myself, where do I put my body? 
And I thought to myself that the Mississippi Delta was a place where people with money, people with opportunity, those people leave. 
And the people who stay behind are the people who don't have the chance to leave. 
I didn't want to be a person who left. 
I wanted to be a person who stayed. 
On the other hand, I was lonely and tired. 
And so I convinced myself that I could do more change on a larger scale if I had a prestigious law degree. 
So I left. 
Three years later, when I was about to graduate from law school, my friend called me and told me that Patrick had got into a fight and killed someone. 
I was devastated. 
Part of me didn't believe it, but part of me also knew that it was true. 
I flew down to see Patrick. 
I visited him in jail. 
And he told me that it was true. 
That he had killed someone. 
And he didn't want to talk more about it. 
I asked him what had happened with school and he said that he had dropped out the year after I left. 
And then he wanted to tell me something else. 
He looked down and he said that he had had a baby daughter who was just born. 
And he felt like he had let her down. 
That was it, our conversation was rushed and awkward. 
When I stepped outside the jail, a voice inside me said, "Come back. 
If you don't come back now, you'll never come back." 
So I graduated from law school and I went back. 
I went back to see Patrick, I went back to see if I could help him with his legal case. 
And this time, when I saw him a second time, I thought I had this great idea, I said, "Hey, Patrick, why don't you write a letter to your daughter, so that you can keep her on your mind?" 
And I handed him a pen and a piece of paper, and he started to write. 
But when I saw the paper that he handed back to me, I was shocked. 
I didn't recognize his handwriting, he had made simple spelling mistakes. 
And I thought to myself that as a teacher, I knew that a student could dramatically improve in a very quick amount of time, but I never thought that a student could dramatically regress. 
What even pained me more, was seeing what he had written to his daughter. 
He had written, "I'm sorry for my mistakes, I'm sorry for not being there for you." 
And this was all he felt he had to say to her. 
And I asked myself how can I convince him that he has more to say, parts of himself that he doesn't need to apologize for. 
I wanted him to feel that he had something worthwhile to share with his daughter. 
For every day the next seven months, I visited him and brought books. 
My tote bag became a little library. 
I brought James Baldwin, I brought Walt Whitman, C.S. Lewis. 
I brought guidebooks to trees, to birds, and what would become his favorite book, the dictionary. 
On some days, we would sit for hours in silence, both of us reading. 
And on other days, we would read together, we would read poetry. 
We started by reading haikus, hundreds of haikus, a deceptively simple masterpiece. 
And I would ask him, "Share with me your favorite haikus." 
And some of them are quite funny. 
So there's this by Issa: "Don't worry, spiders, I keep house casually." 
And this: "Napped half the day, no one punished me!" 
And this gorgeous one, which is about the first day of snow falling, "Deer licking first frost from each other's coats." 
There's something mysterious and gorgeous just about the way a poem looks. 
The empty space is as important as the words themselves. 
We read this poem by W.S. Merwin, which he wrote after he saw his wife working in the garden and realized that they would spend the rest of their lives together. 
"Let me imagine that we will come again when we want to and it will be spring We will be no older than we ever were The worn griefs will have eased like the early cloud through which morning slowly comes to itself" I asked Patrick what his favorite line was, and he said, "We will be no older than we ever were." 
He said it reminded him of a place where time just stops, where time doesn't matter anymore. 
And I asked him if he had a place like that, where time lasts forever. 
And he said, "My mother." 
When you read a poem alongside someone else, the poem changes in meaning. 
Because it becomes personal to that person, becomes personal to you. 
We then read books, we read so many books, we read the memoir of Frederick Douglass, an American slave who taught himself to read and write and who escaped to freedom because of his literacy. 
I had grown up thinking of Frederick Douglass as a hero and I thought of this story as one of uplift and hope. 
But this book put Patrick in a kind of panic. 
He fixated on a story Douglass told of how, over Christmas, masters give slaves gin as a way to prove to them that they can't handle freedom. 
Because slaves would be stumbling on the fields. 
Patrick said he related to this. 
He said that there are people in jail who, like slaves, don't want to think about their condition, because it's too painful. 
Too painful to think about the past, too painful to think about how far we have to go. 
His favorite line was this line: "Anything, no matter what, to get rid of thinking! 
It was this everlasting thinking of my condition that tormented me." 
Patrick said that Douglass was brave to write, to keep thinking. 
But Patrick would never know how much he seemed like Douglass to me. 
How he kept reading, even though it put him in a panic. 
He finished the book before I did, reading it in a concrete stairway with no light. 
And then we went on to read one of my favorite books, Marilynne Robinson's "Gilead," which is an extended letter from a father to his son. 
He loved this line: "I'm writing this in part to tell you that if you ever wonder what you've done in your life ... 
you have been God's grace to me, a miracle, something more than a miracle." 
Something about this language, its love, its longing, its voice, rekindled Patrick's desire to write. 
And he would fill notebooks upon notebooks with letters to his daughter. 
In these beautiful, intricate letters, he would imagine him and his daughter going canoeing down the Mississippi river. 
He would imagine them finding a mountain stream with perfectly clear water. 
As I watched Patrick write, I thought to myself, and I now ask all of you, how many of you have written a letter to somebody you feel you have let down? 
It is just much easier to put those people out of your mind. 
But Patrick showed up every day, facing his daughter, holding himself accountable to her, word by word with intense concentration. 
I wanted in my own life to put myself at risk in that way. 
Because that risk reveals the strength of one's heart. 
Let me take a step back and just ask an uncomfortable question. 
Who am I to tell this story, as in this Patrick story? 
Patrick's the one who lived with this pain and I have never been hungry a day in my life. 
I thought about this question a lot, but what I want to say is that this story is not just about Patrick. 
It's about us, it's about the inequality between us. 
The world of plenty that Patrick and his parents and his grandparents have been shut out of. 
In this story, I represent that world of plenty. 
And in telling this story, I didn't want to hide myself. 
Hide the power that I do have. 
In telling this story, I wanted to expose that power and then to ask, how do we diminish the distance between us? 
Reading is one way to close that distance. 
It gives us a quiet universe that we can share together, that we can share in equally. 
You're probably wondering now what happened to Patrick. 
Did reading save his life? 
It did and it didn't. 
When Patrick got out of prison, his journey was excruciating. 
Employers turned him away because of his record, his best friend, his mother, died at age 43 from heart disease and diabetes. 
He's been homeless, he's been hungry. 
So people say a lot of things about reading that feel exaggerated to me. 
Being literate didn't stop him form being discriminated against. 
It didn't stop his mother from dying. 
So what can reading do? 
I have a few answers to end with today. 
Reading charged his inner life with mystery, with imagination, with beauty. 
Reading gave him images that gave him joy: mountain, ocean, deer, frost. 
Words that taste of a free, natural world. 
Reading gave him a language for what he had lost. 
How precious are these lines from the poet Derek Walcott? 
Patrick memorized this poem. 
"Days that I have held, days that I have lost, days that outgrow, like daughters, my harboring arms." 
Reading taught him his own courage. 
Remember that he kept reading Frederick Douglass, even though it was painful. 
He kept being conscious, even though being conscious hurts. 
Reading is a form of thinking, that's why it's difficult to read because we have to think. 
And Patrick chose to think, rather than to not think. 
And last, reading gave him a language to speak to his daughter. 
Reading inspired him to want to write. 
The link between reading and writing is so powerful. 
When we begin to read, we begin to find the words. 
And he found the words to imagine the two of them together. 
He found the words to tell her how much he loved her. 
Reading also changed our relationship with each other. 
It gave us an occasion for intimacy, to see beyond our points of view. 
And reading took an unequal relationship and gave us a momentary equality. 
When you meet somebody as a reader, you meet him for the first time, newly, freshly. 
There is no way you can know what his favorite line will be. 
What memories and private griefs he has. 
And you face the ultimate privacy of his inner life. 
And then you start to wonder, "Well, what is my inner life made of? 
What do I have that's worthwhile to share with another?" 
I want to close on some of my favorite lines from Patrick's letters to his daughter. 
"The river is shadowy in some places but the light shines through the cracks of trees ... 
On some branches hang plenty of mulberries. 
You stretch your arm straight out to grab some." 
And this lovely letter, where he writes, "Close your eyes and listen to the sounds of the words. 
I know this poem by heart and I would like you to know it, too." 
Thank you so much everyone. 
(Applause) 

It's been about a decade since the last financial crisis, yet this industry has never been bigger. 
Legislation that was meant to better regulate its largest players has hurt its smaller ones, resulting in most of the industry's assets to be controlled by the top one percent. 
They've become too big to fail. 
I'm not referring to big banks, but the world of Big Agriculture. 
As a public health practitioner who has worked with small-scale farmers in Rwanda and now as a small food business owner who sits at the intersection between our consumers and producers, I've been exposed to one of the most ecologically and economically intensive industries in the world, and throughout my work, I've witnessed a chilling irony. 
Our farmers, who feed our communities, cannot afford the very foods they grow. 
Today, a handful of corporations continue to consolidate the entire food supply chain, from the intellectual property of seeds to produce and livestock all the way to the financial institutions who lend to these farmers. 
And the recent results have been rising bankruptcies for family farms and little control for those who are just trying to survive in the industry. 
Left unchecked, we will head into another economic collapse, one very similar to the farm crisis of the 1980s, when commodity market prices crashed, interest rates doubled, and many farmers lost everything. 
Fortunately, there's a very simple, three-part solution you can be part of right now to help us transform our food industry from the bottom up. 
Step one: shop at your local farmers markets. 
Buying from your local market and subscribing to a community-supported agricultural produce box, better known as a CSA, may be the single greatest purchasing decision you can make as a consumer today. 
Last year, American farmers made the least they have in almost three decades, because they now own fewer parts of the supply chain than ever before. 
Under exclusive contracts with Big Ag and big box stores, farmers are not offered a fair price for their goods. 
In fact, the average farmer in America makes less than 15 cents of every dollar on a product that you purchase at a store. 
On the other hand, farmers who sell their goods at a farmers market take home closer to 90 cents of every dollar. 
But beyond taking home a larger share, farmers use markets as an opportunity to cultivate the next generation of agriculturalists who shepherd our farmlands and our pastures. 
In our fight against climate change, we need them now more than ever to promote and preserve diverse land use. 
When multigenerational farms are lost to Big Ag consolidation, our communities suffer in countless ways. 
Rural America has now jumped above the national average in violent crime. 
Three out four farmworkers surveyed have been directly impacted by our opioid epidemic. 
Now oftentimes disguised as accidents, farmer suicide is now on the rise. 
Step two: shop at your local farmers markets. 
(Laughter) Produce from a large retail store is harvested before it's ripe to travel more than a thousand miles before it ultimately sits on your shelf roughly two weeks later. 
Alternatively, because most farmers markets have proximity and production requirements, farmers travel less than 50 miles to offer you local produce with minimal packaging waste. 
With the advent of online grocers and trending meal kits, consumers are increasingly disconnected with their farmers and the economics of food production. 
Since the rise of the smartphone revolution, direct-to-consumer goods have stagnated. 
While local and sustainable foods have been trending for almost a decade, terms like "healthy" and "natural" have no legal framework in the United States. 
Your best bet for fresh, nutrient-rich foods without the marketing jargon? 
Go to your farmers market. 
Buying local is not a new idea, but turning it into a habit in today's world still is. 
If we want to avoid the high costs of cheap food, protect our environment, rebuild our communities and save our farmers -- literally -- we're going to need to vote with our food purchases. 
The success of our food systems is directly attached to us. 
If we want to break up Big Ag's hold on our food supply chain, then we're going to need to connect with our farmers. 
We're going to need to rebuild relationships with the hands that feed us three times a day. 
Plus, two more for snacks. 
Come on. 
With a government online database of more than 8,600 farmers markets across the country, you can easily find the nearest one to you. 
Just think of yourself as an investor in food, where your purchasing power helps create a more equitable society for everyone. 
Oh! 
Almost forgot step three, which may surprise you: shop at your local farmers markets. 
(Laughter) Thank you. 
(Applause) 

[This talk contains mature content] I'm often asked what do I do. 
To which I reply, "I work to end violence against children. 
All violence against every child in every country." 
There's usually a pause. 
Sometimes, depending on the setting, "Whoa, that's a conversation killer." 
And then the questions: "What sort of violence are you talking about?" 
"How much violence is there?" 
"Where is it happening, is it happening here?" 
And when I answer those questions, people tend to be shocked. 
Shocked at the scale of violence, shocked at the nature of violence. 
But I'm always quick to make sure that people aren't left with a sense of doom and gloom. 
I believe we have an unprecedented historical opportunity in this generation to end violence against children. 
There's a nascent movement building around this. 
Governments, national governments, city governments, provinces and others are joining that movement. 
And when we succeed -- and it will take all of us -- we will change the course of human history. 
What do I mean by violence against children? 
I mean all of the physical violence, sexual, psychological and emotional violence that happens to children at home, at school, online and in their communities. 
We work with partners right across the world and from those partners, we hear disturbing stories of individual children. 
For example, Sarah, age 10. 
Raped repeatedly by her stepfather and threatened with violence if she tells anyone. 
Faisal, hit across the knuckles at school with a cable, shamed and called a donkey, made to stand outside in the cold when he gets the answers wrong. 
And from the partners we work with to make the internet safer for children, we hear stories like that of Angelika. 
Twelve years old, and forced to commit sexual acts on her uncle, which are live-streamed to paying adults the other side of the world. 
One in 10 girls experiences sexual abuse before the age of 20. 
Half of children live in countries where corporal punishment has not been fully prohibited. 
And last year alone, in the US, 45 million reports were made of images and videos of violent and sexual abuse of children online. 
Twice the number the year before. 
Now these forms of violence and other forms of violence roll up into some truly staggering numbers. 
One billion children globally every year who experience some kind of violence. 
That's one in two children. 
This is a universal issue. 
So what gives me optimism? 
Let me talk about Sweden and Uganda. 
Probably about as different as two countries you might imagine. 
If you speak to an economist, they might tell you that Sweden has a per capita average income of around 50,000 dollars a year. 
In Uganda, it's 2,000 dollars. 
A historian might tell you Sweden hasn't been in a national conflict for about 200 years. 
Uganda is still struggling with an insurgency in the north of the country. 
A musician might tell you that Uganda, the national anthem, "Oh Uganda, Land of Beauty," is one of the shortest in the world. 
In fact, so short, it's often played more than once. 
I believe Swedes play theirs and sing theirs for a little longer. 
But more seriously, Sweden and Uganda have made a commitment, they have a common bond and shared purpose, a commitment to end violence against children, and they are taking action to try and get their countries on a pathway to zero violence against children by 2030. 
And many other countries, cities and states are joining them, all over the world. 
But what does it really mean, what does it mean in practice? 
When they make that commitment, what do they do? 
It means high-level political commitment and leadership. 
Enacting and implementing legislation. 
And launching initiatives, changing policy, starting a national conversation that begins to raise awareness on a journey to changing attitudes and making it socially unacceptable to have any violence and abuse of children in a country. 
It means recognizing that violence against children cuts across many sectors, and therefore the response, the answer, has to be a systems approach. 
You can't just do one piece of it. 
It requires multiple agencies within and beyond government. 
It requires faith groups, the private sector, media, academia, civil society organizations and others. 
And it requires drawing on what the best practice and the best evidence globally tells us, but using national-level data to shine a light on the often hidden story of violence in any given country. 
And using that data to inform the national response, but also using it to measure and track progress. 
And share what's working, being honest about when things aren't working. 
And sharing inspiration when we see success and violence declining. 
But can we really do this on a global scale? 
One billion children a year experiencing violence. 
I think we can. 
In 2015, 193 world leaders committed their countries to end violence, abuse and neglect of children by 2030. 
Violence against children undermines all the other investments in them: in their health, in their education. 
Often with multi-year, sometimes lifelong and intergenerational consequences and transmission. 
But it's not just about international agreements and governments. 
They really matter. 
I think something's also changing more fundamentally, and we as societies around the world are finally calling out unacceptable behaviors which for too long have been tolerated. 
Think of the #MeToo movement, and how sector after sector, industry after industry, calling out perpetrators, bringing and holding them to account. 
It's a journey, but we've embarked upon it. 
Look at what's happened in the aid industry. 
Following some abuses of power, the aid industry is now taking very seriously the safeguarding of children across the world. 
But maybe even more than that. 
Children and young people themselves, part aided by technology, but they have a voice now that they may not, I don't think, have had before. 
And they are using that voice, not just to advocate for the situation they see around them or what they know needs to improve, but to be part of the solutions of things that actually inform and affect their lives. 
Think of those young activists who speak out against female genital mutilation, child marriage, cyber bullying, safe schools, harming conflict -- the list goes on and on. 
Those children really matter. 
So we have political leadership, we have youth activism, we have evidence-based solutions, we have public awareness growing -- we're on that pathway, beginning that journey to get to zero by 2030. 
But what are those solutions? 
Three years ago, in 2016, 10 global institutions came together and aligned behind a framework which is a comprehensive, step-by-step approach to ending violence against children. 
It's called INSPIRE. 
It looks at the need for the relevant legislation, addressing social norms, parent and caregiver support, responses for children who have experienced violence and abuse. 
And safe schools, so children can be in a learning environment where they thrive. 
In Uganda, four years ago, an eight-year-old girl could be married to a 30-year-old man. 
That can no longer happen. 
In 2016, the Children Act made that illegal and set the minimum age of marriage at 18. 
That's the I of INSPIRE: enact and implement legislation. 
Cambodia is rolling out parental support, parent and caregiver support across the country, so parents are equipped to raise their children and to have discipline in a nonviolent way in the home. 
That's the P of INSPIRE, parent and caregiver support. 
In the Philippines, there are 100 centers set up to protect women and children nationwide. 
Women and children who are either at high risk of abuse and violence or have experienced violence. 
That's the R of INSPIRE, response and support services. 
And in Uganda, a safe schools toolkit has been rolled out now to half of teachers in Uganda, equipping them to control a class with nonviolent discipline. 
That's the E of INSPIRE, education and life skills. 
That's just some bits within some of the INSPIRE framework. 
But more and more countries are committing to implement it, adapt it locally, inform it with the relevant data, put a plan together, work across sectors, and begin that journey to zero. 
Canada, Mexico, United Arab Emirates, Tanzania -- I mentioned Sweden and Uganda already -- Japan, the Philippines, Indonesia, more and more countries, and now cities, too. 
And right here in Scotland, University of Edinburgh is establishing a learning lab that's going to track the journey that cities in Scotland and the Philippines and Colombia go on together. 
See what works in a city, take something that's being prepared for implementation at a nationwide level and bring it down to the city level, where we believe that we can actually make probably faster and demonstrable progress in a shorter space of time. 
And when we do that, that success will be shared through the learning lab and beyond at Edinburgh University. 
Ending violence is the right thing to do, it's a smart investment to make, we have evidence-based solutions, and we have the beginnings of a journey. 
But what would happen if we actually end violence against children? 
Let's just imagine for a moment. 
First of all, think of the children I mentioned. 
Sarah would no longer lie in her bed at night, fearful of the sound of her stepfather's footsteps coming up the stairs. 
Faisal would go to school and he would thrive. 
He would no longer fear being at school and being bullied and hit and ashamed by the teachers. 
And Angelika and those like her would no longer be something, a commodity brought online for the enjoyment of adults thousands of miles away. 
But then multiply the social, the economic, the cultural benefits of that. 
Multiply those by every family, every community, village, town, city, country and suddenly, you've got a new normal emerging. 
A generation would grow up without having experienced violence. 
It will take us all. 
But we do have an unprecedented opportunity to try, and I believe we also, as adults, have a responsibility to do this. 
And then when we're all asked, "What do you do?" 
each and every one of us can say, "I'm changing the course of human history. 
I'm doing my bit to end violence against children." 
Let's do this and do it now. 
Thank you. 
(Applause) 

Between 2004 and 2008, I unsuccessfully tried to get into the Kenyan music industry. 
But the recurring answer from producers was I was not Kenyan enough. 
Meaning what? 
I didn't sing fully in the slang derivative of Kiswahili and I didn't sing enough party tracks, so they said Kenyans wouldn't listen to a Kenyan who sounded like me. 
This idea of otherism, the exclusion of a person based on their perceived deviation from the norms, goes to the root of the problems in Kenya. 
And it runs deep. 
Kenya was invented by colonialists in 1895, and with it, came the erasure of our identity and the class system built on otherism. 
So by 1963, when we received our independence, these ideas had already become the new normal. 
Now, we've tried a lot of different ways to move forward since. 
We have a common language, currency, infrastructure, basically all the things that make a country a country. 
But all these efforts at nation-building do not go to the heart of the matter. 
Which is this: we cannot build what we do not truly love. 
And we cannot love until we love ourselves. 
The thing we have to heal, us Kenyans, is our lack of self-love, our deep self-hate and our existential identity crisis. 
And this is the work of nation-building that only the creative industry can do. 
The idea that Kenya can only include some of us led me to found a music festival in 2008 called Blankets and Wine, to give a platform to myself and other misfits. 
Ten years later, we've programmed over 200 bands and put at least 100,000 dollars directly into the hands of artists and managers, who have in turn spent it on technicians, rehearsals, music videos and other things along the music value chain. 
Our platform has allowed for multiple Kenyan identities to exist, while inspiring the industry to discover and engage the wide variety of Kenyan music. 
What we do is necessary but insufficient. 
And we must urgently pivot into a live music circuit. 
But there are other ways music can help heal the nation. 
According to a 2018 state of media report, traditional radio is sill by far the biggest distributor of ideas in Kenya, with 47 percent of Kenyans still choosing radio first. 
This presents an opportunity. 
We can use radio to help Kenyans hear the diversity that is Kenya. 
We can reserve 60 percent of all programing on Kenyan radio for Kenyan music. 
We can break down ethnic barriers by playing Kenyan music done in English, Kiswahili and other ethnic languages, on what is now single-language ethnic radio. 
Radio can help stimulate interest and demand for Kenyan music by Kenyans, while also providing the much-needed incomes by way of royalties. 
But more importantly, radio can help us build a more inclusive narrative about Kenya. 
For you cannot love what you do not know exists. 
Other creative industries too can do the work. 
When you consider that 41 percent of Kenyans still choose TV as their primary medium, it's obvious that film has a huge potential. 
The meager resources that have been put into the sector have already produced world-class acts, like Lupita Nyong'o and Wanuri Kahiu, but we are going to need a lot more incentives and investments to make filming in Kenya easier, so more Kenyan stories can get on the Kenyan TV and spark off the really difficult conversations we need to have with one another. 
We're going to need to grow a lot more home-grown stars, so we can reverse the idea that we have to blow up abroad before we get the acceptance and validation of home. 
Fashion too can do the work. 
We need to make it possible to affordably mass-produce Kenyan clothes for Kenyan consumers, so we don't all have to rely on second-hand imports. 
The first running shoe made in Kenya needs to be a local and global success as an ode to Kenyan excellence, epitomized by Kenyan runners, who are literally world-class. 
For these ideas to come to life, jobs will be created, and Kenyan ideas will be exported. 
But more importantly, Kenyans may finally consider themselves worthy of the love that we reserve for others. 
Kenya's creative industry is dynamic, cosmopolitan, forward-looking, and without a doubt, a true manufacturing industry of the immediate future. 
But its true power lies in its ability to help heal the psyche of Kenya, so we can finally build a nation for real. 
Thank you. 
(Applause) (Applause) For this song, I'd like us all to take a minute and think about immigrant communities, and especially refugee immigrant communities, and the daily struggle they have to endure, building a life with dignity and meaning away from everything they have loved and known. 
If you feel any empathy for this idea, I ask to see your fist up in the air with me. 
(Music) "Million voice." 
The mandem make some noise With a million, million voice All the mandem make some noise With a million, million voice Can't stop I, won't stop I With a million, million voice Can't stop I, won't stop I With a million, million voice This one dedicated to my people building something Working hard to make sure that their children will lack for nothing When them people come around and treat them like they're basic I just want to LOL and tell them to consider all their options Caution, natural distortion You can't even kill us we survive even abortion Say we cannot make it, watch us how we make it Watch us in a minute come and run and overtake it TED, clap! 
Can't have enough of it This our only way of life Keeping, keeping on the grind TED, will you clap like this. 
Can't have enough of it This our only way of life Keeping, keeping on the grind Keeping, keeping on the grind The mandem make some noise Like a million, million voice All the mandem make some noise With a million, million voice Can't stop I, won't stop I With a million, million voice Can't stop I, won't stop I With a million, million voice Can I be your leader Can I be your Caesar If I show you how to make some more will you pledge allegiance Is it always either Me or you or neither If I show you where I'm coming from, will you take a breather? 
Cos what you'll find -- what you'll find What you'll find guarantee will blow your mind! 
I'll blow your mind -- I'll blow your mind And then you'll see the reason I stay on my grind Would you clap! 
Can't have enough of it It's our only way of life Keeping, keeping on the grind Keeping, keeping on the grind Can't have enough of it It's our only way of life Keeping, keeping on the grind Keeping, keeping on the grind The mandem make some noise (Cheering) (Applause) This next one is partly in Kiswahili, which is what we speak in Kenya. 
And it's about female friendship and female power. 
And girls coming together to build something that lasts, a true legacy and intergenerational worth. 
"Suzie Noma." 
(Drum music) Sitting at the corner Me and Suzie Noma We ain't got no worries we are looking like the owners Sipping on Coronas Looking at the phone as All them pretty boys come and tell us how they want us Mambo ni kungoja, aki mtangoja Sinaga matime za kuwaste na vioja Planning how we want to take over the world soon Riding on the drums and the clap while the bass goes Hey! Shake it down shake it down like Wait till you, wait till you see my Hey! Shake it down shake it down like Wait till you, wait till you see my If you really know it and you really wanna show it Be the way to go Go and grab somebody, move your body, show somebody Be the way to go On this I know, all this I know, all this I know On this I know, all this I know, all this I know Iyo! 
Scheming at the corner Me and Suzie Noma We ain't got no money but we do it how we wanna Painting our nails checking our mails as All them pretty boys wanna have us but they fail like Aki mtangoja, leo mtangoja Saa hii tukoworks hakunaga za vioja Planning how we want to take over the world soon Riding on the drums and the clap while the bass goes boom Shake it down shake it down like Wait till you, wait till you see my Hey! Shake it down shake it down like Wait till you, wait till you see my If you really know it and you really wanna show it Be the way to go Go and grab somebody, move your body, show somebody Be the way to go On this I know, all this I know, all this I know On this I know, all this I know, all this I know And now you whine your waist And now you screw your face Exaggerate your waist Resuscitate the place Na wale wako fifty fifty comsi Na wale wako fiti pia sisi Tuko tu sawa mdogo mdogo yaani Hallelu-yawa tumeiva design If you really know it, and you really wanna show it Be the way to go Go and grab somebody, move your body, show somebody Be the way to go On this I know, all this I know, all this I know On this I know, all this I know, all this I know Iyo! 
(Cheering) (Applause) 

If you're here today -- and I'm very happy that you are -- you've all heard about how sustainable development will save us from ourselves. 
However, when we're not at TED, we are often told that a real sustainability policy agenda is just not feasible, especially in large urban areas like New York City. 
And that's because most people with decision-making powers, in both the public and the private sector, really don't feel as though they're in danger. 
The reason why I'm here today, in part, is because of a dog -- an abandoned puppy I found back in the rain, back in 1998. 
She turned out to be a much bigger dog than I'd anticipated. 
When she came into my life, we were fighting against a huge waste facility planned for the East River waterfront despite the fact that our small part of New York City already handled more than 40 percent of the entire city's commercial waste: a sewage treatment pelletizing plant, a sewage sludge plant, four power plants, the world's largest food-distribution center, as well as other industries that bring more than 60,000 diesel truck trips to the area each week. 
So when I was contacted by the Parks Department about a $10,000 seed-grant initiative to help develop waterfront projects, I thought they were really well-meaning, but a bit naive. 
I'd lived in this area all my life, and you could not get to the river, because of all the lovely facilities that I mentioned earlier. 
Then, while jogging with my dog one morning, she pulled me into what I thought was just another illegal dump. 
There were weeds and piles of garbage and other stuff that I won't mention here, but she kept dragging me, and lo and behold, at the end of that lot was the river. 
I knew that this forgotten little street-end, abandoned like the dog that brought me there, was worth saving. 
And I knew it would grow to become the proud beginnings of the community-led revitalization of the new South Bronx. 
And just like my new dog, it was an idea that got bigger than I'd imagined. 
We garnered much support along the way, and the Hunts Point Riverside Park became the first waterfront park that the South Bronx had had in more than 60 years. 
And in the fall, I'm going to exchange marriage vows with my beloved. 
(Applause) That's him pressing my buttons back there, which he does all the time. 
(Laughter) (Applause) But those of us living in environmental justice communities are the canary in the coal mine. 
We feel the problems right now, and have for some time. 
Environmental justice, for those of you who may not be familiar with the term, goes something like this: no community should be saddled with more environmental burdens and less environmental benefits than any other. 
Unfortunately, race and class are extremely reliable indicators as to where one might find the good stuff, like parks and trees, and where one might find the bad stuff, like power plants and waste facilities. 
As a black person in America, I am twice as likely as a white person to live in an area where air pollution poses the greatest risk to my health. 
I am five times more likely to live within walking distance of a power plant or chemical facility, which I do. 
These land-use decisions created the hostile conditions that lead to problems like obesity, diabetes and asthma. 
Why would someone leave their home to go for a brisk walk in a toxic neighborhood? 
Our 27 percent obesity rate is high even for this country, and diabetes comes with it. 
One out of four South Bronx children has asthma. 
Our asthma hospitalization rate is seven times higher than the national average. 
These impacts are coming everyone's way. 
And we all pay dearly for solid waste costs, health problems associated with pollution and more odiously, the cost of imprisoning our young black and Latino men, who possess untold amounts of untapped potential. 
Fifty percent of our residents live at or below the poverty line; 25 percent of us are unemployed. 
Low-income citizens often use emergency-room visits as primary care. 
This comes at a high cost to taxpayers and produces no proportional benefits. 
Poor people are not only still poor, they are still unhealthy. 
Fortunately, there are many people like me who are striving for solutions that won't compromise the lives of low-income communities of color in the short term, and won't destroy us all in the long term. 
None of us want that, and we all have that in common. 
So what else do we have in common? 
Well, first of all, we're all incredibly good-looking. 
(Laughter) Graduated high school, college, post-graduate degrees, traveled to interesting places, didn't have kids in your early teens, financially stable, never been imprisoned. 
OK. Good. 
(Laughter) But, besides being a black woman, I am different from most of you in some other ways. 
I watched nearly half of the buildings in my neighborhood burn down. 
My big brother Lenny fought in Vietnam, only to be gunned down a few blocks from our home. 
Yeah, I'm a poor black child from the ghetto. 
These things make me different from you. 
But the things we have in common set me apart from most of the people in my community, and I am in between these two worlds with enough of my heart to fight for justice in the other. 
In the late '40s, my dad -- a Pullman porter, son of a slave -- bought a house in the Hunts Point section of the South Bronx, and a few years later, he married my mom. 
At the time, the community was a mostly white, working-class neighborhood. 
My dad was not alone. 
And as others like him pursued their own version of the American dream, white flight became common in the South Bronx and in many cities around the country. 
Red-lining was used by banks, wherein certain sections of the city, including ours, were deemed off-limits to any sort of investment. 
Many landlords believed it was more profitable to torch their buildings and collect insurance money rather than to sell under those conditions -- dead or injured former tenants notwithstanding. 
Hunts Point was formerly a walk-to-work community, but now residents had neither work nor home to walk to. 
A national highway construction boom was added to our problems. 
In New York State, Robert Moses spearheaded an aggressive highway-expansion campaign. 
One of its primary goals was to make it easier for residents of wealthy communities in Westchester County to go to Manhattan. 
The South Bronx, which lies in between, did not stand a chance. 
Residents were often given less than a month's notice before their buildings were razed. 
600,000 people were displaced. 
The common perception was that only pimps and pushers and prostitutes were from the South Bronx. 
And if you are told from your earliest days that nothing good is going to come from your community, that it's bad and ugly, how could it not reflect on you? 
So now, my family's property was worthless, save for that it was our home, and all we had. 
And luckily for me, that home and the love inside of it, along with help from teachers, mentors and friends along the way, was enough. 
Now, why is this story important? 
Because from a planning perspective, economic degradation begets environmental degradation, which begets social degradation. 
The disinvestment that began in the 1960s set the stage for all the environmental injustices that were to come. 
Antiquated zoning and land-use regulations are still used to this day to continue putting polluting facilities in my neighborhood. 
Are these factors taken into consideration when land-use policy is decided? 
What costs are associated with these decisions? 
And who pays? Who profits? 
Does anything justify what the local community goes through? 
This was "planning" -- in quotes -- that did not have our best interests in mind. 
That small park I told you about earlier was the first stage of building a Greenway movement in the South Bronx. 
I wrote a one-and-a-quarter-million dollar federal transportation grant to design the plan for a waterfront esplanade with dedicated on-street bike paths. 
Physical improvements help inform public policy regarding traffic safety, the placement of the waste and other facilities, which, if done properly, don't compromise a community's quality of life. 
They provide opportunities to be more physically active, as well as local economic development. 
Think bike shops, juice stands. 
This is Lafayette Avenue -- and that's redesigned by Mathews Nielsen Landscape Architects. 
And once this path is constructed, it'll connect the South Bronx with more than 400 acres of Randall's Island Park. 
Right now we're separated by about 25 feet of water, but this link will change that. 
As we nurture the natural environment, its abundance will give us back even more. 
We run a project called the Bronx [Environmental] Stewardship Training, which provides job training in the fields of ecological restoration, so that folks from our community have the skills to compete for these well-paying jobs. 
Little by little, we're seeding the area with green-collar jobs -- and with people that have both a financial and personal stake in their environment. 
The Sheridan Expressway is an underutilized relic of the Robert Moses era, built with no regard for the neighborhoods that were divided by it. 
Even during rush hour, it goes virtually unused. 
The community created an alternative transportation plan that allows for the removal of the highway. 
We have the opportunity now to bring together all the stakeholders to re-envision how this 28 acres can be better utilized for parkland, affordable housing and local economic development. 
We also built New York City's first green and cool roof demonstration project on top of our offices. 
Cool roofs are highly-reflective surfaces that don't absorb solar heat, and pass it on to the building or atmosphere. 
Green roofs are soil and living plants. 
Both can be used instead of petroleum-based roofing materials that absorb heat, contribute to urban "heat island" effect and degrade under the sun, which we in turn breathe. 
Green roofs also retain up to 75 percent of rainfall, so they reduce a city's need to fund costly end-of-pipe solutions -- which, incidentally, are often located in environmental justice communities like mine. 
And they provide habitats for our little friends! 
[Butterfly] (Laughter) So cool! 
Anyway, the demonstration project is a springboard for our own green roof installation business, bringing jobs and sustainable economic activity to the South Bronx. 
[Green is the new black ...] (Laughter) (Applause) I like that, too. 
Anyway, I know Chris told us not to do pitches up here, but since I have all of your attention: We need investors. End of pitch. 
It's better to ask for forgiveness than permission. 
Anyway -- (Laughter) (Applause) OK. Katrina. 
Prior to Katrina, the South Bronx and New Orleans' Ninth Ward had a lot in common. 
Both were largely populated by poor people of color, both hotbeds of cultural innovation: think hip-hop and jazz. 
Both are waterfront communities that host both industries and residents in close proximity of one another. 
In the post-Katrina era, we have still more in common. 
We're at best ignored, and maligned and abused, at worst, by negligent regulatory agencies, pernicious zoning and lax governmental accountability. 
Neither the destruction of the Ninth Ward nor the South Bronx was inevitable. 
But we have emerged with valuable lessons about how to dig ourselves out. 
We are more than simply national symbols of urban blight or problems to be solved by empty campaign promises of presidents come and gone. 
Now will we let the Gulf Coast languish for a decade or two, like the South Bronx did? 
Or will we take proactive steps and learn from the homegrown resource of grassroots activists that have been born of desperation in communities like mine? 
Now listen, I do not expect individuals, corporations or government to make the world a better place because it is right or moral. 
This presentation today only represents some of what I've been through. 
Like a tiny little bit. You've no clue. 
But I'll tell you later, if you want to know. 
(Laughter) But -- I know it's the bottom line, or one's perception of it, that motivates people in the end. 
I'm interested in what I like to call the "triple bottom line" that sustainable development can produce. 
Developments that have the potential to create positive returns for all concerned: the developers, government and the community where these projects go up. 
And we are operating with a comprehensive urban-planning deficit. 
A parade of government subsidies is going to propose big-box and stadium developments in the South Bronx, but there is scant coordination between city agencies on how to deal with the cumulative effects of increased traffic, pollution, solid waste and the impacts on open space. 
And their approaches to local economic and job development are so lame it's not even funny. 
Because on top of that, the world's richest sports team is replacing the House That Ruth Built by destroying two well-loved community parks. 
Now, we'll have even less than that stat I told you about earlier. 
And although less than 25 percent of South Bronx residents own cars, these projects include thousands of new parking spaces, yet zip in terms of mass public transit. 
Now, what's missing from the larger debate is a comprehensive cost-benefit analysis between not fixing an unhealthy, environmentally-challenged community, versus incorporating structural, sustainable changes. 
My agency is working closely with Columbia University and others to shine a light on these issues. 
Now let's get this straight: I am not anti-development. 
Ours is a city, not a wilderness preserve. 
And I've embraced my inner capitalist. 
And, but I don't have -- (Laughter) You probably all have, and if you haven't, you need to. 
(Laughter) So I don't have a problem with developers making money. 
There's enough precedent out there to show that a sustainable, community-friendly development can still make a fortune. 
Fellow TEDsters Bill McDonough and Amory Lovins -- both heroes of mine by the way -- have shown that you can actually do that. 
I do have a problem with developments that hyper-exploit politically vulnerable communities for profit. 
That it continues is a shame upon us all, because we are all responsible for the future that we create. 
But one of the things I do to remind myself of greater possibilities, is to learn from visionaries in other cities. 
This is my version of globalization. 
Let's take Bogota. 
Poor, Latino, surrounded by runaway gun violence and drug trafficking; a reputation not unlike that of the South Bronx. 
However, this city was blessed in the late 1990s with a highly-influential mayor named Enrique Pealosa. 
He looked at the demographics. 
If you're a mayor, you can do something about that. 
His administration narrowed key municipal thoroughfares from five lanes to three, outlawed parking on those streets, expanded pedestrian walkways and bike lanes, created public plazas, created one of the most efficient bus mass-transit systems in the entire world. 
But as people began to see that they were being put first on issues reflecting their day-to-day lives, incredible things happened. 
People stopped littering. 
Crime rates dropped, because the streets were alive with people. 
His administration attacked several typical urban problems at one time, and on a third-world budget, at that. 
We have no excuse in this country, I'm sorry. 
But the bottom line is: their people-first agenda was not meant to penalize those who could actually afford cars, but rather, to provide opportunities for all Bogotanos to participate in the city's resurgence. 
That development should not come at the expense of the majority of the population is still considered a radical idea here in the U.S. 
But Bogota's example has the power to change that. 
You, however, are blessed with the gift of influence. 
That's why you're here and why you value the information we exchange. 
Use your influence in support of comprehensive, sustainable change everywhere. 
Don't just talk about it at TED. 
This is a nationwide policy agenda I'm trying to build, and as you all know, politics are personal. 
Help me make green the new black. 
Make it a part of your dinner and cocktail conversations. 
Help me fight for environmental and economic justice. 
Support investments with a triple-bottom-line return. 
Help me democratize sustainability by bringing everyone to the table, and insisting that comprehensive planning can be addressed everywhere. 
Oh good, glad I have a little more time! 
Listen -- when I spoke to Mr. Gore the other day after breakfast, I asked him how environmental justice activists were going to be included in his new marketing strategy. 
His response was a grant program. 
I don't think he understood that I wasn't asking for funding. 
(Applause) What troubled me was that this top-down approach is still around. 
Now, don't get me wrong, we need money. 
(Laughter) But grassroots groups are needed at the table during the decision-making process. 
Of the 90 percent of the energy that Mr. Gore reminded us that we waste every day, don't add wasting our energy, intelligence and hard-earned experience to that count. 
(Applause) I have come from so far to meet you like this. 
Please don't waste me. 
By working together, we can become one of those small, rapidly-growing groups of individuals who actually have the audacity and courage to believe that we actually can change the world. 
We might have come to this conference from very, very different stations in life, but believe me, we all share one incredibly powerful thing. 
We have nothing to lose and everything to gain. 
Ciao, bellos! 

Last year I showed these two slides so that demonstrate that the arctic ice cap, which for most of the last three million years has been the size of the lower 48 states, has shrunk by 40 percent. 
But this understates the seriousness of this particular problem because it doesn't show the thickness of the ice. 
The arctic ice cap is, in a sense, the beating heart of the global climate system. 
It expands in winter and contracts in summer. 
The next slide I show you will be a rapid fast-forward of what's happened over the last 25 years. 
The permanent ice is marked in red. 
As you see, it expands to the dark blue -- that's the annual ice in winter, and it contracts in summer. 
The so-called permanent ice, five years old or older, you can see is almost like blood, spilling out of the body here. 
In 25 years it's gone from this, to this. 
This is a problem because the warming heats up the frozen ground around the Arctic Ocean, where there is a massive amount of frozen carbon which, when it thaws, is turned into methane by microbes. 
Compared to the total amount of global warming pollution in the atmosphere, that amount could double if we cross this tipping point. 
Already in some shallow lakes in Alaska, methane is actively bubbling up out of the water. 
Professor Katey Walter from the University of Alaska went out with another team to another shallow lake last winter. 
Video: Whoa! (Laughter) Al Gore: She's okay. The question is whether we will be. 
And one reason is, this enormous heat sink heats up Greenland from the north. 
This is an annual melting river. 
But the volumes are much larger than ever. 
This is the Kangerlussuaq River in southwest Greenland. 
If you want to know how sea level rises from land-base ice melting this is where it reaches the sea. 
These flows are increasing very rapidly. 
At the other end of the planet, Antarctica the largest mass of ice on the planet. 
Last month scientists reported the entire continent is now in negative ice balance. 
And west Antarctica cropped up on top some under-sea islands, is particularly rapid in its melting. 
That's equal to 20 feet of sea level, as is Greenland. 
In the Himalayas, the third largest mass of ice: at the top you see new lakes, which a few years ago were glaciers. 
40 percent of all the people in the world get half of their drinking water from that melting flow. 
In the Andes, this glacier is the source of drinking water for this city. 
The flows have increased. 
But when they go away, so does much of the drinking water. 
In California there has been a 40 percent decline in the Sierra snowpack. 
This is hitting the reservoirs. 
And the predictions, as you've read, are serious. 
This drying around the world has lead to a dramatic increase in fires. 
And the disasters around the world have been increasing at an absolutely extraordinary and unprecedented rate. 
Four times as many in the last 30 years as in the previous 75. 
This is a completely unsustainable pattern. 
If you look at in the context of history you can see what this is doing. 
In the last five years we've added 70 million tons of CO2 every 24 hours -- 25 million tons every day to the oceans. 
Look carefully at the area of the eastern Pacific, from the Americas, extending westward, and on either side of the Indian subcontinent, where there is a radical depletion of oxygen in the oceans. 
The biggest single cause of global warming, along with deforestation, which is 20 percent of it, is the burning of fossil fuels. 
Oil is a problem, and coal is the most serious problem. 
The United States is one of the two largest emitters, along with China. 
And the proposal has been to build a lot more coal plants. 
But we're beginning to see a sea change. 
Here are the ones that have been cancelled in the last few years with some green alternatives proposed. 
(Applause) However there is a political battle in our country. 
And the coal industries and the oil industries spent a quarter of a billion dollars in the last calendar year promoting clean coal, which is an oxymoron. 
That image reminded me of something. 
(Laughter) Around Christmas, in my home in Tennessee, a billion gallons of coal sludge was spilled. 
You probably saw it on the news. 
This, all over the country, is the second largest waste stream in America. 
This happened around Christmas. 
One of the coal industry's ads around Christmas was this one. 
Video:  Frosty the coal man is a jolly, happy soul. 
He's abundant here in America, and he helps our economy grow. 
Frosty the coal man is getting cleaner everyday. 
He's affordable and adorable, and workers keep their pay. 
Al Gore: This is the source of much of the coal in West Virginia. 
The largest mountaintop miner is the head of Massey Coal. 
Video: Don Blankenship: Let me be clear about it. Al Gore, Nancy Pelosi, Harry Reid, they don't know what they're talking about. 
Al Gore: So the Alliance for Climate Protection has launched two campaigns. 
This is one of them, part of one of them. 
Video: Actor: At COALergy we view climate change as a very serious threat to our business. 
That's why we've made it our primary goal to spend a large sum of money on an advertising effort to help bring out and complicate the truth about coal. 
The fact is, coal isn't dirty. 
We think it's clean -- smells good, too. 
So don't worry about climate change. 
Leave that up to us. 
(Laughter) Video: Actor: Clean coal -- you've heard a lot about it. 
So let's take a tour of this state-of-the-art clean coal facility. 
Amazing! The machinery is kind of loud. 
But that's the sound of clean coal technology. 
And while burning coal is one of the leading causes of global warming, the remarkable clean coal technology you see here changes everything. 
Take a good long look: this is today's clean coal technology. 
Al Gore: Finally, the positive alternative meshes with our economic challenge and our national security challenge. 
Video: Narrator: America is in crisis -- the economy, national security, the climate crisis. 
The thread that links them all: our addiction to carbon based fuels, like dirty coal and foreign oil. 
But now there is a bold new solution to get us out of this mess. 
Repower America with 100 percent clean electricity within 10 years. 
A plan to put America back to work, make us more secure, and help stop global warming. 
Finally, a solution that's big enough to solve our problems. 
Repower America. Find out more. 
Al Gore: This is the last one. 
Video: Narrator: It's about repowering America. 
One of the fastest ways to cut our dependence on old dirty fuels that are killing our planet. 
Man: Future's over here. Wind, sun, a new energy grid. 
Man #2: New investments to create high-paying jobs. 
Narrator: Repower America. It's time to get real. 
Al Gore: There is an old African proverb that says, "If you want to go quickly, go alone. 
If you want to go far, go together." 
We need to go far, quickly. 
Thank you very much. 
(Applause) 

How did you discover your passion or find your career? 
Were you exposed to it? 
Or was it trial and error? 
As child rights advocate Marian Wright Edelman said, "You can't be what you can't see." 
Fortunately, we now live in a time when emerging technologies may help us to solve this problem. 
For the past two years, I've been developing an extended reality program that enables middle school students from across the country to take on the role of a marine biologist -- even if they've never seen the ocean. 
As one seventh grader who recently completed our program said, "I could see myself as a scientist, because I enjoyed this game." 
This feedback really excited me, because too few students do see themselves as scientists. 
A 2014 study showed that 57 percent of eighth- and ninth-grade students said, "Science isn't me." 
Coincidentally, also in 2014, I met Mand Holford, a marine biochemist, and Lindsay Portnoy, an educational psychologist. 
The three of us shared a passion for getting students excited by and comfortable with science. 
We thought about how we could give children the most realistic experience of a scientific career. 
We discussed the research; it showed that students felt comfortable taking risks when playing games. 
So the three of us started an educational games company to bring science to life. 
Virtual reality seemed like a low-cost way of increasing access. 
In addition, academic research has shown that virtual reality may lead to increases in learning retention. 
This was perfect for us, as we wanted to be in schools so that we could reach the most number of students possible, particularly students who have been underrepresented in science. 
So, with funding from the National Science Foundation, we began developing our extended reality program that combined virtual reality with personalized digital journaling. 
We worked with teachers while developing it to ensure that it would fit seamlessly into existing curricula and empower teachers to use cutting-edge technology in their classroom. 
We designed the virtual reality for Google Cardboard, which requires only a smartphone and a 10 dollar VR viewer made of cardboard. 
With this inexpensive headset, students are transported to an underwater expedition. 
Students use their digital journal to write down their notes, to answer questions, to construct models and to develop hypotheses. 
Students then go to the virtual world to test their hypotheses and see if they're accurate, much as scientists go to the field in their careers. 
When students return to their digital journal, they share their observations, claims, reasoning and evidence. 
The students' written answers and virtual interactions are all updated live in an educator assessment dashboard, so that teachers can follow their progress and support them as needed. 
To give you a better sense, I'm going to show you a little bit of what students see. 
This is the virtual reality when they're underwater observing the flora and fauna. 
This is the digital journal where they're constructing their models based on this abiotic data to show what they expect to see. 
Here, they're supporting that with qualitative statements. 
And this is the educator dashboard that shows progress and enables [teachers] to see the students' answers as they go. 
When we were creating BioDive, again, we really wanted to focus on access, so we designed it to require only one phone for every four students. 
We also knew how collaborative science work is, so we constructed the experience to only be solved through collaborative teamwork, as each student is an expert in a different geographic location. 
Given that these children's brains are still developing, we limited each experience to last a maximum of two minutes. 
And finally, because we know the importance of repeated exposure for internalizing knowledge, we constructed BioDive to take place over five class periods. 
We started piloting BioDive in 2017 in 20 schools in New York and New Jersey. 
We wanted to see students as they were using this new technology. 
In 2019, now, we are now piloting in 26 states. 
What we have heard from teachers who have taught our program: "It was a nice way to show ocean dynamics without the luxury of actually being there since we are in Ohio." 
(Laughter) "It's pretty mind-blowing." 
"The students were totally engaged." 
But what really gives us hope is what we're hearing from students. 
"I liked how it felt like I was there." 
"It's interactive and a fun way to learn." 
"It really gave me realistic examples of how these organisms appear." 
"I could see myself as a scientist because it seems really fun." 
Our feedback wasn't always so positive. 
When we began developing, we started off by asking students what they liked, what they didn't like and what they found confusing. 
Eventually we began asking what they wished they could do. 
Their feedback gave us concrete items to build in to be sure that we were including student voices in what we were designing. 
Overall, what we have learned is that this is the beginning of a new platform for giving students both voice and ownership in deciding how they want to have impact in their careers. 
We focused on science, because we know we need scientists to help us solve our current and future challenges. 
But virtual reality could support students in any area. 
How could we support students in exploring all of their desires with these eye-opening experiences and chances to learn from primary sources? 
Could we create VR for inexpensive headsets that lets them be immersed in oral literature or in critical moments of human history? 
Extended reality has the potential to change the trajectory of our children's lives and lead them to careers they never imagined by giving them the chance to see what they can be. 
Thank you. 

Ever since I can remember, African elephants have filled me with a sense of complete awe. 
They are the largest land mammal alive today on planet Earth, weighing up to seven tons, standing three and a half meters tall at the shoulder. 
They can eat up to 400 kilos of food in a day, and they disperse vital plant seeds across thousands of kilometers during their 50-to-60-year life span. 
Central to their compassionate and complex society are the matriarchs. 
These female, strong leaders nurture the young and navigate their way through the challenges of the African bush to find food, water and security. 
Their societies are so complex, we're yet to still fully tease apart how they communicate, how they verbalize to each other, how their dialects work. 
And we don't really understand yet how they navigate the landscape, remembering the safest places to cross a river. 
I'm pretty sure that like me, most of you in this room have a similar positive emotional response to these most magnificent of all animals. 
It's really hard not to have watched a documentary, learned about their intelligence or, if you've been lucky, to see them for yourselves on safari in the wild. 
But I wonder how many of you have been truly, utterly terrified by them. 
I was lucky to be brought up in Southern Africa by two teacher parents who had long holidays but very short budgets. 
And so we used to take our old Ford Cortina Estate, and with my sister, we'd pile in the back, take our tents and go camping in the different game reserves in Southern Africa. 
It really was heaven for a young, budding zoologist like myself. 
But I remember even at that young age that I found the tall electric fences blocking off the game parks quite divisive. 
Sure, they were keeping elephants out of the communities, but they also kept communities out of their wild spaces. 
It really was quite a challenge to me at that young age. 
It was only when I moved to Kenya at the age of 14, when I got to connect to the vast, wild open spaces of East Africa. 
And it is here now that I feel truly, instinctively, really at home. 
I spent many, many happy years studying elephant behavior in a tent, in Samburu National Reserve, under the guideship of professor Fritz Vollrath and Iain Douglas-Hamilton, studying for my PhD and understanding the complexities of elephant societies. 
But now, in my role as head of the human-elephant coexistence program for Save the Elephants, we're seeing so much change happening so fast that it's urged a change in some of our research programs. 
No longer can we just sit and understand elephant societies or study just how to stop the ivory trade, which is horrific and still ongoing. 
We're having to change our resources more and more to look at this rising problem of human-elephant conflict, as people and pachyderms compete for space and resources. 
It was only as recently as the 1970s that we used to have 1.2 million elephants roaming across Africa. 
Today, we're edging closer to only having 400,000 left. 
And at the same time period, the human population has quadrupled, and the land is being fragmented at such a pace that it's really hard to keep up with. 
Too often, these migrating elephants end up stuck inside communities, looking for food and water but ending up breaking open water tanks, breaking pipes and, of course, breaking into food stores for food. 
It's really a huge challenge. 
Can you imagine the terror of an elephant literally ripping the roof off your mud hut in the middle of the night and having to hold your children away as the trunk reaches in, looking for food in the pitch dark? 
These elephants also trample and eat crops, and this is traditionally eroding away that tolerance that people used to have for elephants. 
And sadly, we're losing these animals by the day and, in some countries, by the hour -- to not only ivory poaching but this rapid rise in human-elephant conflict as they compete for space and resources. 
It's a massive challenge. 
I mean, how do you keep seven-ton pachyderms, that often come in groups of 10 or 12, out of these very small rural farms when you're dealing with people who are living on the very edge of poverty? 
They don't have big budgets. 
How do you resolve this issue? 
Well, one issue is, you can just start to build electric fences, and this is happening across Africa, we're seeing this more and more. 
But they are dividing up areas and blocking corridors. 
And I'm telling you, these elephants don't think much of it either, particularly if they're blocking a really special water hole where they need water, or if there's a very attractive female on the other side. 
It doesn't take long to knock down one of these poles. 
And as soon as there's a gap in the fence, they go back, talk to their mates and suddenly they're all through, and now you have 12 elephants on the community side of the fence. 
And now you're really in trouble. 
People keep trying to come up with new designs for electric fences. 
Well, these elephants don't think much of those either. 
(Laughter) So rather than having these hard-line, straight, electric, really divisive migratory-blocking fences, there must be other ways to look at this challenge. 
I'm much more interested in holistic and natural methods to keep elephants and people apart where necessary. 
Simply talking to people, talking to rural pastoralists in northern Kenya who have so much knowledge about the bush, we discovered this story that they had that elephants would not feed on trees that had wild beehives in them. 
Now this was an interesting story. 
As the elephants were foraging on the tree, they would break branches and perhaps break open a wild beehive. 
And those bees would fly out of their natural nests and sting the elephants. 
Now if the elephants got stung, perhaps they would remember that this tree was dangerous and they wouldn't come back to that same site. 
It seems impossible that they could be stung through their thick skin -- elephant skin is around two centimeters thick. 
But it seems that they sting them around the watery areas, around the eyes, behind the ears, in the mouth, up the trunk. 
You can imagine they would remember that very quickly. 
And it's not really one sting that they're scared of. 
African bees have a phenomenal ability: when they sting in one site, they release a pheromone that triggers the rest of the bees to come and sting the same site. 
So it's not one beesting that they're scared of -- it's perhaps thousands of beestings, coming to sting in the same area -- that they're afraid of. 
And of course, a good matriarch would always keep her young away from such a threat. 
Young calves have much thinner skins, and it's potential that they could be stung through their thinner skins. 
So for my PhD, I had this unusual challenge of trying to work out how African elephants and African bees would interact, when the theory was that they wouldn't interact at all. 
How was I going to study this? 
Well, what I did was I took the sound of disturbed African honey bees, and I played it back to elephants resting under trees through a wireless speaker system, so I could understand how they would react as if there were wild bees in the area. 
And it turns out that they react quite dramatically to the sound of African wild bees. 
Here we are, playing the bee sounds back to this amazing group of elephants. 
You can see the ears going up, going out, they're turning their heads from side to side, one elephant is flicking her trunk to try and smell. 
There's another elephant that kicks one of calves on the ground to tell it to get up as if there is a threat. 
And one elephant triggers a retreat, and soon the whole family of elephants are running after her across the savannah in a cloud of dust. 
(Sound of bees buzzing) (Sound of bees ends) Now I've done this experiment many, many times, and the elephants almost always flee. 
Not only do they run away, but they dust themselves as they're running, as if to knock bees out of the air. 
And we placed infrasonic microphones around the elephants as we did these experiments. 
And it turns out they're communicating to each other in infrasonic rumbles to warn each other of the threat of bees and to stay away from the area. 
So these behavioral discoveries really helped us understand how elephants would react should they hear or see bee sounds. 
This led me to invent a novel design for a beehive fence, which we are now building around small, one-to-two-acre farms on the most vulnerable frontline areas of Africa where humans and elephants are competing for space. 
These beehive fences are very, very simple. 
We use 12 beehives and 12 dummy hives to protect one acre of farmland. 
Now a dummy hive is simply a piece of plywood which we cut into squares, paint yellow and hang in between the hives. 
We're basically tricking the elephants into thinking there are more beehives than there really are. 
And of course, it literally halves the cost of the fence. 
So there's a hive and a dummy hive and a beehive and now dummy hive, every 10 meters around the outside boundary. 
They're held up by posts with a shade roof to protect the bees, and they're interconnected with a simple piece of plain wire, which goes all the way around, connecting the hives. 
So if an elephant tries to enter the farm, he will avoid the beehive at all cost, but he might try and push through between the hive and the dummy hive, causing all the beehives to swing as the wire hits his chest. 
And as we know from our research work, this will cause the elephants to flee and run away -- and hopefully remember not to come back to that risky area. 
The bees swarm out of the hive, and they really scare the elephants away. 
These beehive fences we're studying using things like camera traps to help us understand how elephants are responding to them at night time, which is when most of the crop raiding occurs. 
And we found in our study farms that we're keeping up to 80 percent of elephants outside of the boundaries of these farms. 
And the bees and the beehive fences are also pollinating the fields. 
So we're having a great reduction both in elephant crop raids and a boost in yield through the pollination services that the bees are giving to the crops themselves. 
The strength of the beehive fences is really important -- the colonies have to be very strong. 
So we're trying to help farmers grow pollinator-friendly crops to boost their hives, boost the strength of their bees and, of course, produce the most amazing honey. 
This honey is so valuable as an extra livelihood income for the farmers. 
It's a healthy alternative to sugar, and in our community, it's a very valuable present to give a mother-in-law, which makes it almost priceless. 
(Laughter) We now bottle up this honey, and we've called this wild beautiful honey Elephant-Friendly Honey. 
It is a fun name, but it also attracts attention to our project and helps people understand what we're trying to do to save elephants. 
We're working now with so many women in over 60 human-elephant conflict sites in 19 countries in Africa and Asia to build these beehive fences, working very, very closely with so many farmers but particularly now with women farmers, helping them to live better in harmony with elephants. 
One of the things we're trying to do is develop a toolbox of options to live in better harmony with these massive pachyderms. 
One of those issues is to try and get farmers, and women in particular, to think different about what they're planting inside their farms as well. 
So we're looking at planting crops that elephants don't particularly want to eat, like chillies, ginger, Moringa, sunflowers. 
And of course, the bees and the beehive fences love these crops too, because they have beautiful flowers. 
One of these plants is a spiky plant called sisal -- you may know this here as jute. 
And this amazing plant can be stripped down and turned into a weaving product. 
We're working with these amazing women now who live daily with the challenges of elephants to use this plant to weave into baskets to provide an alternative income for them. 
We've just started construction only three weeks ago on a women's enterprise center where we're going to be working with these women not only as expert beekeepers but as amazing basket weavers; they're going to be processing chili oils, sunflower oils, making lip balms and honey, and we're somewhere on our way to helping these participating farmers live with better eco-generating projects that live and work better with living with elephants. 
So whether it's matriarchs or mothers or researchers like myself, I do see more women coming to the forefront now to think differently and more boldly about the challenges that we face. 
With more innovation, and perhaps with some more empathy towards each other, I do believe we can move from a state of conflict with elephants to true coexistence. 
Thank you. 
(Applause) 

These are worms. 
Not the kind of worms you find crawling in the dirt. 
These are parasitic roundworms. 
They live inside a human being's intestines. 
Each of these worms can grow up to 12 inches long, and there are 200 of them in this jar for a reason, because that is the number you might typically find in the belly of a single infected child. 
Worm infections have been around for thousands of years. 
They have influenced the outcomes of wars, and they have long stymied human health. 
Roundworm, hookworm, whipworm, schistosomiasis: infections from these species cause pain and discomfort. 
They steal nutrients and zap energy. 
They stunt both physical and cognitive growth. 
In most cases, these worms may not be fatal, but paradoxically, that's part of the problem. 
It means that many countries simply have not been able to prioritize their treatment. 
There's a social cost to that: children without access to deworming treatments have lower rates of school attendance. 
Adults who grow up without deworming medicine are less productive and have lower lifelong earnings. 
What intestinal worms do, really, is limit potential. 
Currently, there are 1.7 billion people in the world still at risk for worms. 
Six hundred million of them are in Africa. 
For every dollar invested in worm control and prevention, African countries see up to 42 dollars return in economic benefits. 
The good news is that deworming treatment is extremely easy. 
One to three pills given once or twice a year is enough to take a child from 200 worms to zero and to protect them from infection going forward. 
In communities where there's a high prevalence of worms, treatment can be done right at school. 
This process is extremely simple and fast. 
In Ethiopia, for example, this is done for 20 million children in a matter of weeks. 
The world has come a long way on getting deworming medicines to the people who need them, and African governments want to gain more traction. 
It's now time to match their ambition. 
The END Fund will work with governments to create a plan that drastically reduces the burden of disease caused by worms. 
Theyll work together to ensure prevention and treatment programs can serve everyone. 
The END Fund has an audacious idea: they believe we are the generation to end sickness from worm infections forever. 
The key is not simply to build new programs from scratch, but to amplify the efforts of the programs that are already taking shape. 
By examining the problem of how worms transmit disease, the END Fund has identified five key areas where they can drive improvement. 
Number one: lower the cost of treatment. 
Many pharmaceutical companies offer deworming medicines for free, so the END Fund works with the right partners to coordinate their delivery. 
They will continue to secure drug donations for additional at-risk populations. 
They can now do it for less than 25 cents per child per year. 
Number two: focus on prevention. 
The END Fund calls in the right partners to educate communities on sanitation and hygiene in order to change behaviors around things like hand-washing and latrine use, ensuring people are not continually reinfected. 
Number three: invest in innovation. 
The END Fund has contributed to deworming by introducing innovative techniques that effectively target and treat people. 
They will test new delivery methods, target the environments where parasites thrive and influence behavior change. 
Number four: monitor and evaluate. 
The END Fund collects detailed data on all programs on a regular basis to help them get better and better over time. 
Number five: increase local ownership. 
At all stages of the process, the END Fund works with government and local stakeholders to encourage cofinancing commitments that support deworming efforts. 
They also worked with African philanthropists and corporate leaders to partner on these efforts. 
There's an incredible opportunity to work together to create a new system for disease elimination for the next decade and beyond. 
Part of the money the END Fund needs will go directly toward delivering deworming treatments to communities that need it and part will go towards facilitating the handover of programs to local ownership. 
Together, these efforts will create prevention and treatment programs that are sustainable far into the future. 
If this plan gets fully funded for the next six years, tens of millions of people will receive deworming treatment. 
With that, countries will be interrupting the cycle of disease transmission at all levels, and most importantly, people will experience significant improvements in their mental, physical and social health. 
Just imagine the potential that will be gained when people can stop worrying about these and can put their energy into things like these. 
(Students' overlapping voices) (Clapping and singing) (Cheering) 

[In January 2020, Christian Happi and Pardis Sabeti presented an Audacious idea] [Sentinel: An early warning system to detect and track the next pandemic] [Here's how it would work ...] Christian Happi: Sentinel is a proactive early warning system to preempt pandemics. 
It is built on three major pillars. 
Pardis Sabeti: The first pillar is Detect. 
Christian and I have been studying infectious diseases together around the world for two decades. 
We have been using genome sequencing. 
Reading out the complete genetic information of a microbe, it allows us to identify viruses, even those we've never seen before, track them as they spread and watch for new mutations. 
And now with the powerful gene-editing technology CRISPR, we can use this genetic information to rapidly design exquisitely sensitive diagnostic tests for any microbe. 
CH: One of these tools is called SHERLOCK. 
It can be used to test known viruses on simple paper strips. 
It is very inexpensive, and frontline health workers can use SHERLOCK to detect the most common or the most threatening viruses within an hour. 
PS: The other tool is CARMEN. 
It requires a lab, but it can test for hundreds of viruses simultaneously. 
So hospital lab staff can test patient samples for a broad range of viruses within a day. 
Our second pillar is Connect. 
Connect everyone and share this information across the public health community. 
In most outbreaks, hospital staff share case information through paper, Excel -- if at all. 
This makes tracking an outbreak through space and time and coordinating a response extremely difficult. 
So we're developing a cloud-based system and mobile applications that connect community health workers, clinicians, public health teams -- everyone -- and allows them to upload data, perform analysis, share insights and coordinate a response and action plan in real time. 
CH: Our third pillar is Empower. 
An outbreak surveillance system can only succeed if we empower frontline health workers that are already out there taking care of communities. 
It requires a lot of training. 
Pardis and I are very much aware of that. 
We've spent the past 10 years training hundreds of young African scientists and clinicians. 
Over the next five years, we will train an additional 1,000 health workers to use Sentinel detection tools and empower them to train their colleagues. 
This way, we will improve the original health care system and integrate surveillance into medical practice. 
[Since presenting their Audacious plan at TED, the world has changed ...] Briar Goldberg: So here we are. We're recording this. 
It's April 7th, 2020, and obviously, we are in the throes of this crazy global pandemic caused by this new coronavirus. 
So you two have been working together forever, and you really came together pretty aggressively with the Ebola crisis back in 2014. 
What does it feel like from your perspective? 
CH: Pretty much six years after the Ebola outbreak, we're really facing another crisis, and we still pretty much, like, we never learned from the previous crisis. 
And that, really, for me, is heartbreaking. 
PS: I think that this pandemic has shown us how unprepared we are everywhere in the world. 
Christian and our partners together had diagnostics at our hospital sites in Nigeria, Sierra Leone and Senegal in early February. 
Most states in the United States didn't have it until far later. 
It tells us that we are all in this together, and we are all very much behind the curve. 
BG: So, this Sentinel system is amazing, but I know that the question that's on everybody's mind is: How is that playing into the here and now? 
PS: You know, we describe Sentinel as a pandemic preemption system, and here we are in a pandemic. 
But what's great is that, actually, the same tools you need to preempt a pandemic are the ones that you need to respond to one. 
And so all of the technologies that we have laid out -- the point-of-care testing, the multiplex testing, the discovery and tracking of the virus as it's changing, and the overlay of the mobile applications to dashboard -- are all critical. 
CH: For us, it is a war. 
We are basically committed for 24 hours' turnaround time in order to give results, and that requires for us to work around the clock nonstop. 
So it's a pretty challenging moment. 
We are away from family. 
At least I have the privilege to see family today, and then I'm sure tomorrow I'm heading back in the trenches. 
In my lab, we sequenced the first COVID-19 genome on the African continent, and that really was done within 48 hours. 
This is revolutionary coming from Africa and then making this information available for the global health community to see what the virus within Africa looks like. 
I believe that with technologies and knowledge and then sharing information, we can do better and then we can overcome. 
PS: The whole idea of Sentinel is that we all stand guard over each other. 
We all watch. 
Each one of us is a sentinel. 
Each one of us, being able to monitor what is making us sick, can share that with the rest of our community. 
And I think that is what I profoundly want, is for us to all stand guard and watch over each other. 
[Dr. Pardis Sabeti and Dr. Christian Happi] [Ingenious scientists. 
Courageous partners. 
Global heroes.] 

I'm a storyteller. 
And I would like to tell you a few personal stories about what I like to call "the danger of the single story." 
I grew up on a university campus in eastern Nigeria. 
My mother says that I started reading at the age of two, although I think four is probably close to the truth. 
So I was an early reader, and what I read were British and American children's books. 
I was also an early writer, and when I began to write, at about the age of seven, stories in pencil with crayon illustrations that my poor mother was obligated to read, I wrote exactly the kinds of stories I was reading: All my characters were white and blue-eyed, they played in the snow, they ate apples, (Laughter) and they talked a lot about the weather, how lovely it was that the sun had come out. 
(Laughter) Now, this despite the fact that I lived in Nigeria. 
I had never been outside Nigeria. 
We didn't have snow, we ate mangoes, and we never talked about the weather, because there was no need to. 
My characters also drank a lot of ginger beer, because the characters in the British books I read drank ginger beer. 
Never mind that I had no idea what ginger beer was. 
(Laughter) And for many years afterwards, I would have a desperate desire to taste ginger beer. 
But that is another story. 
What this demonstrates, I think, is how impressionable and vulnerable we are in the face of a story, particularly as children. 
Because all I had read were books in which characters were foreign, I had become convinced that books by their very nature had to have foreigners in them and had to be about things with which I could not personally identify. 
Now, things changed when I discovered African books. 
There weren't many of them available, and they weren't quite as easy to find as the foreign books. 
But because of writers like Chinua Achebe and Camara Laye, I went through a mental shift in my perception of literature. 
I realized that people like me, girls with skin the color of chocolate, whose kinky hair could not form ponytails, could also exist in literature. 
I started to write about things I recognized. 
Now, I loved those American and British books I read. 
They stirred my imagination. They opened up new worlds for me. 
But the unintended consequence was that I did not know that people like me could exist in literature. 
So what the discovery of African writers did for me was this: It saved me from having a single story of what books are. 
I come from a conventional, middle-class Nigerian family. 
My father was a professor. 
My mother was an administrator. 
And so we had, as was the norm, live-in domestic help, who would often come from nearby rural villages. 
So, the year I turned eight, we got a new house boy. 
His name was Fide. 
The only thing my mother told us about him was that his family was very poor. 
My mother sent yams and rice, and our old clothes, to his family. 
And when I didn't finish my dinner, my mother would say, "Finish your food! Don't you know? People like Fide's family have nothing." 
So I felt enormous pity for Fide's family. 
Then one Saturday, we went to his village to visit, and his mother showed us a beautifully patterned basket made of dyed raffia that his brother had made. 
I was startled. 
It had not occurred to me that anybody in his family could actually make something. 
All I had heard about them was how poor they were, so that it had become impossible for me to see them as anything else but poor. 
Their poverty was my single story of them. 
Years later, I thought about this when I left Nigeria to go to university in the United States. 
I was 19. 
My American roommate was shocked by me. 
She asked where I had learned to speak English so well, and was confused when I said that Nigeria happened to have English as its official language. 
She asked if she could listen to what she called my "tribal music," and was consequently very disappointed when I produced my tape of Mariah Carey. 
(Laughter) She assumed that I did not know how to use a stove. 
What struck me was this: She had felt sorry for me even before she saw me. 
Her default position toward me, as an African, was a kind of patronizing, well-meaning pity. 
My roommate had a single story of Africa: a single story of catastrophe. 
In this single story, there was no possibility of Africans being similar to her in any way, no possibility of feelings more complex than pity, no possibility of a connection as human equals. 
I must say that before I went to the U.S., I didn't consciously identify as African. 
But in the U.S., whenever Africa came up, people turned to me. 
Never mind that I knew nothing about places like Namibia. 
But I did come to embrace this new identity, and in many ways I think of myself now as African. 
Although I still get quite irritable when Africa is referred to as a country, the most recent example being my otherwise wonderful flight from Lagos two days ago, in which there was an announcement on the Virgin flight about the charity work in "India, Africa and other countries." 
(Laughter) So, after I had spent some years in the U.S. as an African, I began to understand my roommate's response to me. 
If I had not grown up in Nigeria, and if all I knew about Africa were from popular images, I too would think that Africa was a place of beautiful landscapes, beautiful animals, and incomprehensible people, fighting senseless wars, dying of poverty and AIDS, unable to speak for themselves and waiting to be saved by a kind, white foreigner. 
I would see Africans in the same way that I, as a child, had seen Fide's family. 
This single story of Africa ultimately comes, I think, from Western literature. 
Now, here is a quote from the writing of a London merchant called John Lok, who sailed to west Africa in 1561 and kept a fascinating account of his voyage. 
After referring to the black Africans as "beasts who have no houses," he writes, "They are also people without heads, having their mouth and eyes in their breasts." 
Now, I've laughed every time I've read this. 
And one must admire the imagination of John Lok. 
But what is important about his writing is that it represents the beginning of a tradition of telling African stories in the West: A tradition of Sub-Saharan Africa as a place of negatives, of difference, of darkness, of people who, in the words of the wonderful poet Rudyard Kipling, are "half devil, half child." 
And so, I began to realize that my American roommate must have throughout her life seen and heard different versions of this single story, as had a professor, who once told me that my novel was not "authentically African." 
Now, I was quite willing to contend that there were a number of things wrong with the novel, that it had failed in a number of places, but I had not quite imagined that it had failed at achieving something called African authenticity. 
In fact, I did not know what African authenticity was. 
The professor told me that my characters were too much like him, an educated and middle-class man. 
My characters drove cars. 
They were not starving. 
Therefore they were not authentically African. 
But I must quickly add that I too am just as guilty in the question of the single story. 
A few years ago, I visited Mexico from the U.S. 
The political climate in the U.S. at the time was tense, and there were debates going on about immigration. 
And, as often happens in America, immigration became synonymous with Mexicans. 
There were endless stories of Mexicans as people who were fleecing the healthcare system, sneaking across the border, being arrested at the border, that sort of thing. 
I remember walking around on my first day in Guadalajara, watching the people going to work, rolling up tortillas in the marketplace, smoking, laughing. 
I remember first feeling slight surprise. 
And then, I was overwhelmed with shame. 
I realized that I had been so immersed in the media coverage of Mexicans that they had become one thing in my mind, the abject immigrant. 
I had bought into the single story of Mexicans and I could not have been more ashamed of myself. 
So that is how to create a single story, show a people as one thing, as only one thing, over and over again, and that is what they become. 
It is impossible to talk about the single story without talking about power. 
There is a word, an Igbo word, that I think about whenever I think about the power structures of the world, and it is "nkali." 
It's a noun that loosely translates to "to be greater than another." 
Like our economic and political worlds, stories too are defined by the principle of nkali: How they are told, who tells them, when they're told, how many stories are told, are really dependent on power. 
Power is the ability not just to tell the story of another person, but to make it the definitive story of that person. 
The Palestinian poet Mourid Barghouti writes that if you want to dispossess a people, the simplest way to do it is to tell their story and to start with, "secondly." 
Start the story with the arrows of the Native Americans, and not with the arrival of the British, and you have an entirely different story. 
Start the story with the failure of the African state, and not with the colonial creation of the African state, and you have an entirely different story. 
I recently spoke at a university where a student told me that it was such a shame that Nigerian men were physical abusers like the father character in my novel. 
I told him that I had just read a novel called "American Psycho" -- (Laughter) -- and that it was such a shame that young Americans were serial murderers. 
(Laughter) (Applause) Now, obviously I said this in a fit of mild irritation. 
(Laughter) But it would never have occurred to me to think that just because I had read a novel in which a character was a serial killer that he was somehow representative of all Americans. 
This is not because I am a better person than that student, but because of America's cultural and economic power, I had many stories of America. 
I had read Tyler and Updike and Steinbeck and Gaitskill. 
I did not have a single story of America. 
When I learned, some years ago, that writers were expected to have had really unhappy childhoods to be successful, I began to think about how I could invent horrible things my parents had done to me. 
(Laughter) But the truth is that I had a very happy childhood, full of laughter and love, in a very close-knit family. 
But I also had grandfathers who died in refugee camps. 
My cousin Polle died because he could not get adequate healthcare. 
One of my closest friends, Okoloma, died in a plane crash because our fire trucks did not have water. 
I grew up under repressive military governments that devalued education, so that sometimes, my parents were not paid their salaries. 
And so, as a child, I saw jam disappear from the breakfast table, then margarine disappeared, then bread became too expensive, then milk became rationed. 
And most of all, a kind of normalized political fear invaded our lives. 
All of these stories make me who I am. 
But to insist on only these negative stories is to flatten my experience and to overlook the many other stories that formed me. 
The single story creates stereotypes, and the problem with stereotypes is not that they are untrue, but that they are incomplete. 
They make one story become the only story. 
Of course, Africa is a continent full of catastrophes: There are immense ones, such as the horrific rapes in Congo and depressing ones, such as the fact that 5,000 people apply for one job vacancy in Nigeria. 
But there are other stories that are not about catastrophe, and it is very important, it is just as important, to talk about them. 
I've always felt that it is impossible to engage properly with a place or a person without engaging with all of the stories of that place and that person. 
The consequence of the single story is this: It robs people of dignity. 
It makes our recognition of our equal humanity difficult. 
It emphasizes how we are different rather than how we are similar. 
So what if before my Mexican trip, I had followed the immigration debate from both sides, the U.S. and the Mexican? 
What if my mother had told us that Fide's family was poor and hardworking? 
What if we had an African television network that broadcast diverse African stories all over the world? 
What the Nigerian writer Chinua Achebe calls "a balance of stories." 
What if my roommate knew about my Nigerian publisher, Muhtar Bakare, a remarkable man who left his job in a bank to follow his dream and start a publishing house? 
Now, the conventional wisdom was that Nigerians don't read literature. 
He disagreed. 
He felt that people who could read, would read, if you made literature affordable and available to them. 
Shortly after he published my first novel, I went to a TV station in Lagos to do an interview, and a woman who worked there as a messenger came up to me and said, "I really liked your novel. I didn't like the ending. 
Now, you must write a sequel, and this is what will happen ..." 
(Laughter) And she went on to tell me what to write in the sequel. 
I was not only charmed, I was very moved. 
Here was a woman, part of the ordinary masses of Nigerians, who were not supposed to be readers. 
She had not only read the book, but she had taken ownership of it and felt justified in telling me what to write in the sequel. 
Now, what if my roommate knew about my friend Funmi Iyanda, a fearless woman who hosts a TV show in Lagos, and is determined to tell the stories that we prefer to forget? 
What if my roommate knew about the heart procedure that was performed in the Lagos hospital last week? 
What if my roommate knew about contemporary Nigerian music, talented people singing in English and Pidgin, and Igbo and Yoruba and Ijo, mixing influences from Jay-Z to Fela to Bob Marley to their grandfathers. 
What if my roommate knew about the female lawyer who recently went to court in Nigeria to challenge a ridiculous law that required women to get their husband's consent before renewing their passports? 
What if my roommate knew about Nollywood, full of innovative people making films despite great technical odds, films so popular that they really are the best example of Nigerians consuming what they produce? 
What if my roommate knew about my wonderfully ambitious hair braider, who has just started her own business selling hair extensions? 
Or about the millions of other Nigerians who start businesses and sometimes fail, but continue to nurse ambition? 
Every time I am home I am confronted with the usual sources of irritation for most Nigerians: our failed infrastructure, our failed government, but also by the incredible resilience of people who thrive despite the government, rather than because of it. 
I teach writing workshops in Lagos every summer, and it is amazing to me how many people apply, how many people are eager to write, to tell stories. 
My Nigerian publisher and I have just started a non-profit called Farafina Trust, and we have big dreams of building libraries and refurbishing libraries that already exist and providing books for state schools that don't have anything in their libraries, and also of organizing lots and lots of workshops, in reading and writing, for all the people who are eager to tell our many stories. 
Stories matter. 
Many stories matter. 
Stories have been used to dispossess and to malign, but stories can also be used to empower and to humanize. 
Stories can break the dignity of a people, but stories can also repair that broken dignity. 
The American writer Alice Walker wrote this about her Southern relatives who had moved to the North. 
She introduced them to a book about the Southern life that they had left behind. 
"They sat around, reading the book themselves, listening to me read the book, and a kind of paradise was regained." 
I would like to end with this thought: That when we reject the single story, when we realize that there is never a single story about any place, we regain a kind of paradise. 
Thank you. 
(Applause) 

I want to tell you a story about Manson. 
Manson was this 28-year-old interior designer, a father to a loving daughter, and a son who found himself behind bars due to a broken-down judicial system. 
He was framed for a murder he didn't commit and was sentenced to the gallows. 
There were two victims of this murder -- the victim who actually died in the murder and Manson, who had been sentenced to prison for an offense which he did not commit. 
He was locked up in a cell, eight by seven, with 13 other grown-up men for 23 and a half hours a day. 
Food was not guaranteed that you'd get. 
And I remember yesterday, as I walked into the room where I was, I imagined the kind of cell that Manson would have been living in. 
Because the toilet -- The row of the small rooms that were there were slightly bigger than the eight-by-seven cell. 
But being in that cell as he awaited the executioner -- because in prison, he did not have a name -- Manson was known by a number. 
He was just a statistic. 
He did not know how long he would wait. 
The wait could have been a minute, the executioner could have come the next minute, the next day, or it could have taken 30 years. 
The wait had no end. 
And in the midst of the excruciating pain, the mental torture, the many unanswered questions that Manson faced, he knew he was not going to play the victim. 
He refused to play the role of the victim. 
He was angry at the justice system that had put him behind bars. 
But he knew the only way he could change that justice system or help other people get justice was not to play the victim. 
Change came to Manson when he decided to embrace forgiveness for those who had put him in prison. 
I speak that as a fact. 
Because I know who Manson is. 
I am Manson. 
My real name is Peter Manson Ouko. 
And after my conviction, after that awakening of forgiveness, I had this move to help change the system. 
I already decided I was not going to be a victim anymore. 
But how was I going to help change a system that was bringing in younger inmates every day who deserve to be with their families? 
So I started mobilizing my colleagues in prison, my fellow inmates, to write letters and memoranda to the justice system, to the Judicial Service Commission, the numerous task forces that had been set up in our country, Kenya, to help change the constitution. 
And we decided to grasp at those -- to clutch at those straws, if I may use that word -- if only to make the justice system work, and work for all. 
Just about the same time, I met a young university graduate from the UK, called Alexander McLean. 
Alexander had come in with three or four of his colleagues from university in their gap year, and they wanted to help assist, set up a library in Kamiti Maximum Prison, which if you Google, you will see is written as one of the 15 worst prisons in the world. 
That was then. 
But when Alexander came in, he was a young 20-year-old boy. 
And I was on death row at that time. 
And we took him under our wing. 
It was an honest trust issue. 
He trusted us, even though we were on death row. 
And through that trust, we saw him and his colleagues from the university refurbish the library with the latest technology and set up the infirmary to very good standards so that those of us falling sick in prison would not necessarily have to die in indignity. 
Having met Alexander, I had a chance, and he gave me the opportunity and the support, to enroll for a university degree at the University of London. 
Just like Mandela studied from South Africa, I had a chance to study at Kamiti Maximum Security Prison. 
And two years later, I became the first graduate of the program from the University of London from within the prison system. 
Having graduated, what happened next -- (Applause) Thank you. 
(Applause) Having graduated, now I felt empowered. 
I was not going to play the helpless victim. 
But I felt empowered not only to assist myself, to prosecute my own case, but also to assist the other inmates who are suffering the similar injustices that have just been spoken about here. 
So I started writing legal briefs for them. 
With my other colleagues in prison, we did as much as we could. 
That wasn't enough. 
Alexander McLean and his team at the African Prisons Project decided to support more inmates. 
And as I'm speaking to you today, there are 63 inmates and staff in the Kenya Prison Service studying law at the University of London through distance learning. 
(Applause) These are changemakers who are being motivated not only to assist the most indolent in society, but also to help the inmates and others get access to justice. 
Down there in my prison cell, something kept stirring me. 
The words of Martin Luther King kept hitting me. 
And he was always telling me, "Pete, if you can't fly, you can run. 
And if you can't run, you can walk. 
But if you can't walk, then you can crawl. 
But whatever it is, whatever it takes, just keep on moving." 
And so I had this urge to keep moving. 
I still have this urge to keep moving in whatever I do. 
Because I feel the only way we can change our society, the only way we can change the justice system -- which has really improved in our country -- is to help get the systems right. 
So, on 26th October last year, after 18 years in prison, I walked out of prison on presidential pardon. 
I'm now focused on helping APP -- the African Prisons Project -- achieve its mandate of training and setting up the first law school and legal college behind bars. 
Where we are going to train -- (Applause) Where we are going to train inmates and staff not only to assist their fellow inmates, but to assist the entire wider society of the poor who cannot access legal justice. 
So as I speak before you today, I stand here in the full knowledge that we can all reexamine ourselves, we can all reexamine our situations, we can all reexamine our circumstances and not play the victim narrative. 
The victim narrative will not take us anywhere. 
I was behind bars, yeah. 
But I never felt and I was not a prisoner. 
The basic thing I got to learn was that if I thought, and if you think, you can, you will. 
But if you sit thinking that you can't, you won't. 
It's as simple as that. 
And so I'm encouraged by the peaceful revolutionaries I've heard on this stage. 
The world needs you now, the world needs you today. 
And as I finish my talk, I'd just like to ask each and every single one of you here, wonderful thinkers, changemakers, innovators, the wonderful global citizens we have at TED, just remember the words of Martin Luther King. 
Let them continue ringing in your heart and your life. 
Whatever it is, wherever you are, whatever it takes, keep on moving. 
Thank you. 
(Applause) Thank you. 
(Applause) 

I guess because I'm from Tanzania I have a responsibility to welcome all of you once again. 
Thank you for coming. 
So, first of all, before we start, how many of you in the audience have been in the past a victim of this bug here? 
We apologize on behalf of all the mosquito catchers. 
(Laughter) Ladies and gentlemen, imagine getting seven infectious mosquito bites every day. 
That's 2,555 infectious bites every year. 
When I was in college, I moved to the Kilombero River valley in the southeastern part of Tanzania. 
This is historically one of the most malarious zones in the world at that time. 
Life here was difficult. 
In its later stages malaria manifested with extreme seizures locally known as degedege. 
It's killed both women and men, adults and children, without mercy. 
My home institution, Ifakara Health Institute, began in this valley in the 1950s to address priority health needs for the local communities. 
In fact, the name Ifakara refers to a place you go to die, which is a reflection of what life used to be here in the days before organized public health care. 
When I first moved here, my primary role was to estimate how much malaria transmission was going on across the villages and which mosquitoes were transmitting the disease. 
So my colleague and myself came 30 kilometers south of Ifakara town across the river. 
Every evening we went into the villages with flashlights and siphons. 
We rolled up our trousers, and waited for mosquitoes that were coming to bite us so we could collect them to check if they were carrying malaria. 
(Laughter) My colleague and myself selected a household, and we started inside and outside, swapping positions every half hour. 
And we did this for 12 hours every night for 24 consecutive nights. 
We slept for four hours every morning and worked the rest of the day, sorting mosquitoes, identifying them and chopping off their heads so they could be analyzed in the lab to check if they were carrying malaria parasites in their blood mouthparts. 
This way we were able to not only know how much malaria was going on here but also which mosquitoes were carrying this malaria. 
We were also able to know whether malaria was mostly inside houses or outside houses. 
Today, ladies and gentlemen, I still catch mosquitoes for a living. 
But I do this mostly to improve people's lives and well-being. 
This has been called by some people the most dangerous animal on earth -- which unfortunately is true. 
But what do we really know about mosquitoes? 
It turns out we actually know very little. 
Consider the fact that at the moment our best practice against malaria are bednets -- insecticide treated bednets. 
We know now that across Africa you have widespread resistance to insecticides. 
And these are the same insecticides, the pyrethroid class, that are put on these bednets. 
We know now that these bednets protect you from bites but only minimally kill the mosquitoes that they should. 
What it means is that we've got to do more to be able to get to zero. 
And that's part of our duty. 
At Ifakara Health Institute we focus very much on the biology of the mosquito, and we try to do this so we can identify new opportunities. 
A new approach. 
New ways to try and get new options that we can use together with things such as bednets to be able to get to zero. 
And I'm going to share with you a few examples of the things that my colleagues and myself do. 
Take this, for example. 
Mosquitoes breed in small pools of water. 
Not all of them are easy to find -- they can be scattered across villages, they can be as small as hoofprints. 
They can be behind your house or far from your house. 
And so, if you wanted to control mosquito larvae, it can actually be quite difficult to get them. 
What my colleagues and I have decided to do is to think about what if we used mosquitoes themselves to carry the insecticides from a place of our choice to their own breeding habitats so that whichever eggs they lay there shall not survive. 
This is Dickson Lwetoijera. 
This is my colleague who runs this show at Ifakara. 
And he has demonstrated cleverly that you can actually get mosquitoes to come to the place where they normally come to get blood to pick up a dose of sterilants or insecticide, carry this back to their own breeding habitat and kill all their progeny. 
And we have demonstrated that you can do this and crush populations very, very rapidly. 
This is beautiful. 
This is our mosquito city. 
It is the largest mosquito farm available in the world for malaria research. 
Here we have large-scale self-sustaining colonies of malaria mosquitoes that we rear in these facilities. 
Of course, they are disease-free. 
But what these systems allow us to do is to introduce new tools and test them immediately, very quickly, and see if we can crush these populations or control them in some way. 
And my colleagues have demonstrated that if you just put two or three positions where mosquitoes can go pick up these lethal substances, we can crush these colonies in just three months. 
That's autodissemination, as we call it. 
But what if we could use the mosquitoes' sexual behavior to also control them? 
So, first of all I would like to tell you that actually mosquitoes mate in what we call swarms. 
Male mosquitoes usually congregate in clusters around the horizon, usually after sunset. 
The males go there for a dance, the females fly into that dance and select a male mosquito of their choice, usually the best-looking male in their view. 
They clump together and fall down onto the floor. 
If you watch this, it's beautiful. 
It's a fantastic phenomenon. 
This is where our mosquito-catching work gets really interesting. 
What we have seen, when we go swarm hunting in the villages, is that these swarm locations tend to be at exactly the same location every day, every week, every month, year in, year out. 
They start at exactly the same time of the evening, and they are at exactly the same locations. 
What does this tell us? 
It means that if we can map all these locations across villages, we could actually crush these populations by just a single blow. 
Kind of, you know, bomb-spray them or nuke them out. 
And that is what we try to do with young men and women across the villages. 
We organize these crews, teach them how to identify the swarms, and spray them out. 
My colleagues and I believe we have a new window to get mosquitoes out of the valley. 
But perhaps the fact that mosquitoes eat blood, human blood, is the reason they are the most dangerous animal on earth. 
But think about it this way -- mosquitoes actually smell you. 
And they have developed incredible sensory organs. 
They can smell from as far sometimes as 100 meters away. 
And when they get closer, they can even tell the difference between two family members. 
They know who you are based on what you produce from your breath, skin, sweat and body odor. 
What we have done at Ifakara is to identify what it is in your skin, your body, your sweat or your breath that these mosquitoes like. 
Once we identified these substances, we created a concoction, kind of a mixture, a blend of synthetic substances that are reminiscent of what you produce from your body. 
And we made a synthetic blend that was attracting three to five times more mosquitoes than a human being. 
What can you do with this? 
You put in a trap, lure a lot of mosquitoes and you kill them, right? 
And of course, you can also use it for surveillance. 
At Ifakara we wish to expand our knowledge on the biology of the mosquito; to control many other diseases, including, of course, the malaria, but also those other diseases that mosquitoes transmit like dengue, Chikungunya and Zika virus. 
And this is why my colleagues, for example -- we have looked at the fact that some mosquitoes like to bite you on the leg region. 
And we've now created these mosquito repellent sandals that tourists and locals can wear when they're coming. 
And you don't get bitten -- this gives you 'round the clock protection until the time you go under your bednet. 
(Applause) My love-hate relationship with mosquitoes continues. 
(Laughter) And it's going to go a long way, I can see. 
But that's OK. 
WHO has set a goal of 2030 to eliminate malaria from 35 countries. 
The African Union has set a goal of 2030 to eliminate malaria from the continent. 
At Ifakara we are firmly behind these goals. 
And we've put together a cohort of young scientists, male and female, who are champions, who are interested in coming together to make this vision come true. 
They do what they can to make it work. 
And we are supporting them. 
We are here to make sure that these dreams come true. 
Ladies and gentlemen, even if it doesn't happen in our lifetime, even if it doesn't happen before you and me go away, I believe that your child and my child shall inherit a world free of malaria transmitting mosquitoes and free of malaria. 
Thank you very much, ladies and gentlemen. 
(Applause) Thank you. 
Kelo Kubu: OK, Fredros. 
Let's talk about CRISPR for a bit. 
(Laughter) It's taken the world by storm, it promises to do amazing things. 
What do you think of scientists using CRISPR to kill off mosquitoes? 
Fredros Okumu: To answer this question, let's start from what the problem is. 
First of all, we're talking about a disease that still kills -- according to the latest figures we have from WHO -- 429,000 people. 
Most of these are African children. 
Of course, we've made progress, there are countries that have achieved up to 50-60 percent reduction in malaria burden. 
But we still have to do more to get to zero. 
There is already proof of principle that gene-editing techniques, such as CRISPR, can be used effectively to transform mosquitoes so that either they do not transmit malaria -- we call this population alteration -- or that they no longer exist, population suppression. 
This is already proven in the lab. 
There is also modeling work that has demonstrated that even if you were to release just a small number of these genetically modified mosquitoes, that you can actually achieve elimination very, very quickly. 
So, CRISPR and tools like this offer us some real opportunities -- real-life opportunities to have high-impact interventions that we can use in addition to what we have now to eventually go to zero. 
This is important. 
Now, of course people always ask us -- which is a common question, I guess you're going to ask this as well -- "What happens if you eliminate mosquitoes?" 
KK: I won't ask then, you answer. 
FO: OK. In respect to this, I would just like to remind my colleagues that we have 3,500 mosquito species in this world. 
Maybe more than that. 
About 400 of these are Anophelenes, and only about 70 of them have any capacity to transmit malaria. 
In Africa, we're having to deal with three or four of these as the major guys. 
They carry most -- like 99 percent of all the malaria we have. 
If we were to go out with gene editing like CRISPR, if we were to go out with gene drives to control malaria, we would be going after only one or two. 
I don't see a diversity problem with that. 
But that's personal view. 
I think it's OK. 
And remember, by the way, all these years we've been trying to eliminate these mosquitoes effectively by spraying them -- our colleagues in America have sprayed with -- really bomb-spraying these insects out of the villages. 
In Africa we do a lot of household spraying. 
All these are aimed solely at killing the mosquitoes. 
So there's really no problem if we had a new tool. 
But having said that, I have to say we also have to be very, very responsible here. 
So there's the regulatory side, and we have to partner with our regulators and make sure that everything that we do is done correctly, is done responsibly and that we also have to do independent risk assessments, to just make sure that all these processes do not fall into the wrong hands. 
Thank you very much. 
KK: Thank you. 
(Applause) 

You know, one of the intense pleasures of travel and one of the delights of ethnographic research is the opportunity to live amongst those who have not forgotten the old ways, who still feel their past in the wind, touch it in stones polished by rain, taste it in the bitter leaves of plants. 
Just to know that Jaguar shamans still journey beyond the Milky Way, or the myths of the Inuit elders still resonate with meaning, or that in the Himalaya, the Buddhists still pursue the breath of the Dharma, is to really remember the central revelation of anthropology, and that is the idea that the world in which we live does not exist in some absolute sense, but is just one model of reality, the consequence of one particular set of adaptive choices that our lineage made, albeit successfully, many generations ago. 
And of course, we all share the same adaptive imperatives. 
We're all born. We all bring our children into the world. 
We go through initiation rites. 
We have to deal with the inexorable separation of death, so it shouldn't surprise us that we all sing, we all dance, we all have art. 
But what's interesting is the unique cadence of the song, the rhythm of the dance in every culture. 
And whether it is the Penan in the forests of Borneo, or the Voodoo acolytes in Haiti, or the warriors in the Kaisut desert of Northern Kenya, the Curandero in the mountains of the Andes, or a caravanserai in the middle of the Sahara -- this is incidentally the fellow that I traveled into the desert with a month ago -- or indeed a yak herder in the slopes of Qomolangma, Everest, the goddess mother of the world. 
All of these peoples teach us that there are other ways of being, other ways of thinking, other ways of orienting yourself in the Earth. 
And this is an idea, if you think about it, can only fill you with hope. 
Now, together the myriad cultures of the world make up a web of spiritual life and cultural life that envelops the planet, and is as important to the well-being of the planet as indeed is the biological web of life that you know as a biosphere. 
And you might think of this cultural web of life as being an ethnosphere, and you might define the ethnosphere as being the sum total of all thoughts and dreams, myths, ideas, inspirations, intuitions brought into being by the human imagination since the dawn of consciousness. 
The ethnosphere is humanity's great legacy. 
It's the symbol of all that we are and all that we can be as an astonishingly inquisitive species. 
And just as the biosphere has been severely eroded, so too is the ethnosphere -- and, if anything, at a far greater rate. 
No biologists, for example, would dare suggest that 50 percent of all species or more have been or are on the brink of extinction because it simply is not true, and yet that -- the most apocalyptic scenario in the realm of biological diversity -- scarcely approaches what we know to be the most optimistic scenario in the realm of cultural diversity. 
And the great indicator of that, of course, is language loss. 
When each of you in this room were born, there were 6,000 languages spoken on the planet. 
Now, a language is not just a body of vocabulary or a set of grammatical rules. 
A language is a flash of the human spirit. 
It's a vehicle through which the soul of each particular culture comes into the material world. 
Every language is an old-growth forest of the mind, a watershed, a thought, an ecosystem of spiritual possibilities. 
And of those 6,000 languages, as we sit here today in Monterey, fully half are no longer being whispered into the ears of children. 
They're no longer being taught to babies, which means, effectively, unless something changes, they're already dead. 
What could be more lonely than to be enveloped in silence, to be the last of your people to speak your language, to have no way to pass on the wisdom of the ancestors or anticipate the promise of the children? 
And yet, that dreadful fate is indeed the plight of somebody somewhere on Earth roughly every two weeks, because every two weeks, some elder dies and carries with him into the grave the last syllables of an ancient tongue. 
And I know there's some of you who say, "Well, wouldn't it be better, wouldn't the world be a better place if we all just spoke one language?" And I say, "Great, let's make that language Yoruba. Let's make it Cantonese. 
Let's make it Kogi." 
And you'll suddenly discover what it would be like to be unable to speak your own language. 
And so, what I'd like to do with you today is sort of take you on a journey through the ethnosphere, a brief journey through the ethnosphere, to try to begin to give you a sense of what in fact is being lost. 
Now, there are many of us who sort of forget that when I say "different ways of being," I really do mean different ways of being. 
Take, for example, this child of a Barasana in the Northwest Amazon, the people of the anaconda who believe that mythologically they came up the milk river from the east in the belly of sacred snakes. 
Now, this is a people who cognitively do not distinguish the color blue from the color green because the canopy of the heavens is equated to the canopy of the forest upon which the people depend. 
They have a curious language and marriage rule which is called "linguistic exogamy:" you must marry someone who speaks a different language. 
And this is all rooted in the mythological past, yet the curious thing is in these long houses, where there are six or seven languages spoken because of intermarriage, you never hear anyone practicing a language. 
They simply listen and then begin to speak. 
Or, one of the most fascinating tribes I ever lived with, the Waorani of northeastern Ecuador, an astonishing people first contacted peacefully in 1958. 
In 1957, five missionaries attempted contact and made a critical mistake. 
They dropped from the air 8 x 10 glossy photographs of themselves in what we would say to be friendly gestures, forgetting that these people of the rainforest had never seen anything two-dimensional in their lives. 
They picked up these photographs from the forest floor, tried to look behind the face to find the form or the figure, found nothing, and concluded that these were calling cards from the devil, so they speared the five missionaries to death. 
But the Waorani didn't just spear outsiders. 
They speared each other. 
54 percent of their mortality was due to them spearing each other. 
We traced genealogies back eight generations, and we found two instances of natural death and when we pressured the people a little bit about it, they admitted that one of the fellows had gotten so old that he died getting old, so we speared him anyway. (Laughter) But at the same time they had a perspicacious knowledge of the forest that was astonishing. 
Their hunters could smell animal urine at 40 paces and tell you what species left it behind. 
In the early '80s, I had a really astonishing assignment when I was asked by my professor at Harvard if I was interested in going down to Haiti, infiltrating the secret societies which were the foundation of Duvalier's strength and Tonton Macoutes, and securing the poison used to make zombies. 
In order to make sense out of sensation, of course, I had to understand something about this remarkable faith of Vodoun. And Voodoo is not a black magic cult. 
On the contrary, it's a complex metaphysical worldview. 
It's interesting. 
If I asked you to name the great religions of the world, what would you say? 
Christianity, Islam, Buddhism, Judaism, whatever. 
There's always one continent left out, the assumption being that sub-Saharan Africa had no religious beliefs. Well, of course, they did and Voodoo is simply the distillation of these very profound religious ideas that came over during the tragic Diaspora of the slavery era. 
But, what makes Voodoo so interesting is that it's this living relationship between the living and the dead. 
So, the living give birth to the spirits. 
The spirits can be invoked from beneath the Great Water, responding to the rhythm of the dance to momentarily displace the soul of the living, so that for that brief shining moment, the acolyte becomes the god. 
That's why the Voodooists like to say that "You white people go to church and speak about God. 
We dance in the temple and become God." 
And because you are possessed, you are taken by the spirit -- how can you be harmed? 
So you see these astonishing demonstrations: Voodoo acolytes in a state of trance handling burning embers with impunity, a rather astonishing demonstration of the ability of the mind to affect the body that bears it when catalyzed in the state of extreme excitation. 
Now, of all the peoples that I've ever been with, the most extraordinary are the Kogi of the Sierra Nevada de Santa Marta in northern Colombia. 
Descendants of the ancient Tairona civilization which once carpeted the Caribbean coastal plain of Colombia, in the wake of the conquest, these people retreated into an isolated volcanic massif that soars above the Caribbean coastal plain. 
In a bloodstained continent, these people alone were never conquered by the Spanish. 
To this day, they remain ruled by a ritual priesthood but the training for the priesthood is rather extraordinary. 
The young acolytes are taken away from their families at the age of three and four, sequestered in a shadowy world of darkness in stone huts at the base of glaciers for 18 years: two nine-year periods deliberately chosen to mimic the nine months of gestation they spend in their natural mother's womb; now they are metaphorically in the womb of the great mother. 
And for this entire time, they are inculturated into the values of their society, values that maintain the proposition that their prayers and their prayers alone maintain the cosmic -- or we might say the ecological -- balance. 
And at the end of this amazing initiation, one day they're suddenly taken out and for the first time in their lives, at the age of 18, they see a sunrise. And in that crystal moment of awareness of first light as the Sun begins to bathe the slopes of the stunningly beautiful landscape, suddenly everything they have learned in the abstract is affirmed in stunning glory. And the priest steps back and says, "You see? It's really as I've told you. 
It is that beautiful. It is yours to protect." 
They call themselves the "elder brothers" and they say we, who are the younger brothers, are the ones responsible for destroying the world. 
Now, this level of intuition becomes very important. 
Whenever we think of indigenous people and landscape, we either invoke Rousseau and the old canard of the "noble savage," which is an idea racist in its simplicity, or alternatively, we invoke Thoreau and say these people are closer to the Earth than we are. 
Well, indigenous people are neither sentimental nor weakened by nostalgia. 
There's not a lot of room for either in the malarial swamps of the Asmat or in the chilling winds of Tibet, but they have, nevertheless, through time and ritual, forged a traditional mystique of the Earth that is based not on the idea of being self-consciously close to it, but on a far subtler intuition: the idea that the Earth itself can only exist because it is breathed into being by human consciousness. 
Now, what does that mean? 
It means that a young kid from the Andes who's raised to believe that that mountain is an Apu spirit that will direct his or her destiny will be a profoundly different human being and have a different relationship to that resource or that place than a young kid from Montana raised to believe that a mountain is a pile of rock ready to be mined. 
Whether it's the abode of a spirit or a pile of ore is irrelevant. 
What's interesting is the metaphor that defines the relationship between the individual and the natural world. 
I was raised in the forests of British Columbia to believe those forests existed to be cut. 
That made me a different human being than my friends amongst the Kwagiulth who believe that those forests were the abode of Huxwhukw and the Crooked Beak of Heaven and the cannibal spirits that dwelled at the north end of the world, spirits they would have to engage during their Hamatsa initiation. 
Now, if you begin to look at the idea that these cultures could create different realities, you could begin to understand some of their extraordinary discoveries. Take this plant here. 
It's a photograph I took in the Northwest Amazon just last April. 
This is ayahuasca, which many of you have heard about, the most powerful psychoactive preparation of the shaman's repertoire. 
What makes ayahuasca fascinating is not the sheer pharmacological potential of this preparation, but the elaboration of it. It's made really of two different sources: on the one hand, this woody liana which has in it a series of beta-carbolines, harmine, harmaline, mildly hallucinogenic -- to take the vine alone is rather to have sort of blue hazy smoke drift across your consciousness -- but it's mixed with the leaves of a shrub in the coffee family called Psychotria viridis. 
This plant had in it some very powerful tryptamines, very close to brain serotonin, dimethyltryptamine, 5-methoxydimethyltryptamine. 
If you've ever seen the Yanomami blowing that snuff up their noses, that substance they make from a different set of species also contains methoxydimethyltryptamine. 
To have that powder blown up your nose is rather like being shot out of a rifle barrel lined with baroque paintings and landing on a sea of electricity. (Laughter) It doesn't create the distortion of reality; it creates the dissolution of reality. 
In fact, I used to argue with my professor, Richard Evan Shultes -- who is a man who sparked the psychedelic era with his discovery of the magic mushrooms in Mexico in the 1930s -- I used to argue that you couldn't classify these tryptamines as hallucinogenic because by the time you're under the effects there's no one home anymore to experience a hallucination. (Laughter) But the thing about tryptamines is they cannot be taken orally because they're denatured by an enzyme found naturally in the human gut called monoamine oxidase. 
They can only be taken orally if taken in conjunction with some other chemical that denatures the MAO. 
Now, the fascinating things are that the beta-carbolines found within that liana are MAO inhibitors of the precise sort necessary to potentiate the tryptamine. So you ask yourself a question. 
How, in a flora of 80,000 species of vascular plants, do these people find these two morphologically unrelated plants that when combined in this way, created a kind of biochemical version of the whole being greater than the sum of the parts? 
Well, we use that great euphemism, "trial and error," which is exposed to be meaningless. 
But you ask the Indians, and they say, "The plants talk to us." 
Well, what does that mean? 
This tribe, the Cofan, has 17 varieties of ayahuasca, all of which they distinguish a great distance in the forest, all of which are referable to our eye as one species. 
And then you ask them how they establish their taxonomy and they say, "I thought you knew something about plants. 
I mean, don't you know anything?" And I said, "No." 
Well, it turns out you take each of the 17 varieties in the night of a full moon, and it sings to you in a different key. 
Now, that's not going to get you a Ph.D. at Harvard, but it's a lot more interesting than counting stamens. (Laughter) Now -- (Applause) -- the problem -- the problem is that even those of us sympathetic with the plight of indigenous people view them as quaint and colorful but somehow reduced to the margins of history as the real world, meaning our world, moves on. 
Well, the truth is the 20th century, 300 years from now, is not going to be remembered for its wars or its technological innovations, but rather as the era in which we stood by and either actively endorsed or passively accepted the massive destruction of both biological and cultural diversity on the planet. Now, the problem isn't change. 
All cultures through all time have constantly been engaged in a dance with new possibilities of life. 
And the problem is not technology itself. 
The Sioux Indians did not stop being Sioux when they gave up the bow and arrow any more than an American stopped being an American when he gave up the horse and buggy. 
It's not change or technology that threatens the integrity of the ethnosphere. It is power, the crude face of domination. 
Wherever you look around the world, you discover that these are not cultures destined to fade away; these are dynamic living peoples being driven out of existence by identifiable forces that are beyond their capacity to adapt to: whether it's the egregious deforestation in the homeland of the Penan -- a nomadic people from Southeast Asia, from Sarawak -- a people who lived free in the forest until a generation ago, and now have all been reduced to servitude and prostitution on the banks of the rivers, where you can see the river itself is soiled with the silt that seems to be carrying half of Borneo away to the South China Sea, where the Japanese freighters hang light in the horizon ready to fill their holds with raw logs ripped from the forest -- or, in the case of the Yanomami, it's the disease entities that have come in, in the wake of the discovery of gold. 
Or if we go into the mountains of Tibet, where I'm doing a lot of research recently, you'll see it's a crude face of political domination. 
You know, genocide, the physical extinction of a people is universally condemned, but ethnocide, the destruction of people's way of life, is not only not condemned, it's universally, in many quarters, celebrated as part of a development strategy. 
And you cannot understand the pain of Tibet until you move through it at the ground level. 
I once travelled 6,000 miles from Chengdu in Western China overland through southeastern Tibet to Lhasa with a young colleague, and it was only when I got to Lhasa that I understood the face behind the statistics you hear about: 6,000 sacred monuments torn apart to dust and ashes, 1.2 million people killed by the cadres during the Cultural Revolution. 
This young man's father had been ascribed to the Panchen Lama. 
That meant he was instantly killed at the time of the Chinese invasion. 
His uncle fled with His Holiness in the Diaspora that took the people to Nepal. 
His mother was incarcerated for the crime of being wealthy. 
He was smuggled into the jail at the age of two to hide beneath her skirt tails because she couldn't bear to be without him. 
The sister who had done that brave deed was put into an education camp. 
One day she inadvertently stepped on an armband of Mao, and for that transgression, she was given seven years of hard labor. 
The pain of Tibet can be impossible to bear, but the redemptive spirit of the people is something to behold. 
And in the end, then, it really comes down to a choice: do we want to live in a monochromatic world of monotony or do we want to embrace a polychromatic world of diversity? 
Margaret Mead, the great anthropologist, said, before she died, that her greatest fear was that as we drifted towards this blandly amorphous generic world view not only would we see the entire range of the human imagination reduced to a more narrow modality of thought, but that we would wake from a dream one day having forgotten there were even other possibilities. 
And it's humbling to remember that our species has, perhaps, been around for [150,000] years. 
The Neolithic Revolution -- which gave us agriculture, at which time we succumbed to the cult of the seed; the poetry of the shaman was displaced by the prose of the priesthood; we created hierarchy specialization surplus -- is only 10,000 years ago. 
The modern industrial world as we know it is barely 300 years old. 
Now, that shallow history doesn't suggest to me that we have all the answers for all of the challenges that will confront us in the ensuing millennia. 
When these myriad cultures of the world are asked the meaning of being human, they respond with 10,000 different voices. 
And it's within that song that we will all rediscover the possibility of being what we are: a fully conscious species, fully aware of ensuring that all peoples and all gardens find a way to flourish. And there are great moments of optimism. 
This is a photograph I took at the northern tip of Baffin Island when I went narwhal hunting with some Inuit people, and this man, Olayuk, told me a marvelous story of his grandfather. 
The Canadian government has not always been kind to the Inuit people, and during the 1950s, to establish our sovereignty, we forced them into settlements. 
This old man's grandfather refused to go. 
The family, fearful for his life, took away all of his weapons, all of his tools. 
Now, you must understand that the Inuit did not fear the cold; they took advantage of it. 
The runners of their sleds were originally made of fish wrapped in caribou hide. 
So, this man's grandfather was not intimidated by the Arctic night or the blizzard that was blowing. 
He simply slipped outside, pulled down his sealskin trousers and defecated into his hand. And as the feces began to freeze, he shaped it into the form of a blade. 
He put a spray of saliva on the edge of the shit knife and as it finally froze solid, he butchered a dog with it. 
He skinned the dog and improvised a harness, took the ribcage of the dog and improvised a sled, harnessed up an adjacent dog, and disappeared over the ice floes, shit knife in belt. 
Talk about getting by with nothing. (Laughter) And this, in many ways -- (Applause) -- is a symbol of the resilience of the Inuit people and of all indigenous people around the world. 
The Canadian government in April of 1999 gave back to total control of the Inuit an area of land larger than California and Texas put together. 
It's our new homeland. It's called Nunavut. 
It's an independent territory. They control all mineral resources. 
An amazing example of how a nation-state can seek restitution with its people. 
And finally, in the end, I think it's pretty obvious at least to all of all us who've traveled in these remote reaches of the planet, to realize that they're not remote at all. 
They're homelands of somebody. 
They represent branches of the human imagination that go back to the dawn of time. And for all of us, the dreams of these children, like the dreams of our own children, become part of the naked geography of hope. 
So, what we're trying to do at the National Geographic, finally, is, we believe that politicians will never accomplish anything. 
We think that polemics -- (Applause) -- we think that polemics are not persuasive, but we think that storytelling can change the world, and so we are probably the best storytelling institution in the world. We get 35 million hits on our website every month. 
156 nations carry our television channel. 
Our magazines are read by millions. 
And what we're doing is a series of journeys to the ethnosphere where we're going to take our audience to places of such cultural wonder that they cannot help but come away dazzled by what they have seen, and hopefully, therefore, embrace gradually, one by one, the central revelation of anthropology: that this world deserves to exist in a diverse way, that we can find a way to live in a truly multicultural, pluralistic world where all of the wisdom of all peoples can contribute to our collective well-being. 
Thank you very much. 
(Applause) 

This is really a two-hour presentation I give to high school students, cut down to three minutes. 
And it all started one day on a plane, on my way to TED, seven years ago. 
And in the seat next to me was a high school student, a teenager, and she came from a really poor family. 
And she wanted to make something of her life, and she asked me a simple little question. 
She said, "What leads to success?" 
And I felt really badly, because I couldn't give her a good answer. 
So I get off the plane, and I come to TED. 
And I think, jeez, I'm in the middle of a room of successful people! 
So why don't I ask them what helped them succeed, and pass it on to kids? 
So here we are, seven years, 500 interviews later, and I'm going to tell you what really leads to success and makes TEDsters tick. 
And the first thing is passion. 
Freeman Thomas says, "I'm driven by my passion." 
TEDsters do it for love; they don't do it for money. 
Carol Coletta says, "I would pay someone to do what I do." 
And the interesting thing is: if you do it for love, the money comes anyway. 
Work! Rupert Murdoch said to me, "It's all hard work. 
Nothing comes easily. But I have a lot of fun." 
Did he say fun? Rupert? Yes! 
(Laughter) TEDsters do have fun working. And they work hard. 
I figured, they're not workaholics. They're workafrolics. 
(Laughter) Good! 
(Applause) Alex Garden says, "To be successful, put your nose down in something and get damn good at it." 
There's no magic; it's practice, practice, practice. 
And it's focus. 
Norman Jewison said to me, "I think it all has to do with focusing yourself on one thing." 
And push! 
David Gallo says, "Push yourself. 
Physically, mentally, you've got to push, push, push." 
You've got to push through shyness and self-doubt. 
Goldie Hawn says, "I always had self-doubts. 
I wasn't good enough; I wasn't smart enough. 
I didn't think I'd make it." 
Now it's not always easy to push yourself, and that's why they invented mothers. 
(Laughter) (Applause) Frank Gehry said to me, "My mother pushed me." 
(Laughter) Serve! 
Sherwin Nuland says, "It was a privilege to serve as a doctor." 
A lot of kids want to be millionaires. 
The first thing I say is: "OK, well you can't serve yourself; you've got to serve others something of value. 
Because that's the way people really get rich." 
Ideas! 
TEDster Bill Gates says, "I had an idea: founding the first micro-computer software company." 
I'd say it was a pretty good idea. 
And there's no magic to creativity in coming up with ideas -- it's just doing some very simple things. 
And I give lots of evidence. 
Persist! 
Joe Kraus says, "Persistence is the number one reason for our success." 
You've got to persist through failure. You've got to persist through crap! 
Which of course means "Criticism, Rejection, Assholes and Pressure." 
(Laughter) So, the answer to this question is simple: Pay 4,000 bucks and come to TED. 
(Laughter) Or failing that, do the eight things -- and trust me, these are the big eight things that lead to success. 
Thank you TEDsters for all your interviews! 
(Applause) 

About 10 years ago, I took on the task to teach global development to Swedish undergraduate students. 
That was after having spent about 20 years, together with African institutions, studying hunger in Africa. 
So I was sort of expected to know a little about the world. 
And I started, in our medical university, Karolinska Institute, an undergraduate course called Global Health. 
But when you get that opportunity, you get a little nervous. 
I thought, these students coming to us actually have the highest grade you can get in the Swedish college system, so I thought, maybe they know everything I'm going to teach them about. 
So I did a pretest when they came. 
And one of the questions from which I learned a lot was this one: "Which country has the highest child mortality of these five pairs?" 
And I put them together so that in each pair of countries, one has twice the child mortality of the other. 
And this means that it's much bigger, the difference, than the uncertainty of the data. 
I won't put you at a test here, but it's Turkey, which is highest there, Poland, Russia, Pakistan and South Africa. 
And these were the results of the Swedish students. 
I did it so I got the confidence interval, which is pretty narrow. 
And I got happy, of course -- a 1.8 right answer out of five possible. 
That means there was a place for a professor of international health and for my course. 
(Laughter) But one late night, when I was compiling the report, I really realized my discovery. 
I have shown that Swedish top students know, statistically, significantly less about the world than the chimpanzees. 
(Laughter) Because the chimpanzee would score half right if I gave them two bananas with Sri Lanka and Turkey. 
They would be right half of the cases. But the students are not there. 
The problem for me was not ignorance; it was preconceived ideas. 
I did also an unethical study of the professors of the Karolinska Institute, which hands out the Nobel Prize in Medicine, and they are on par with the chimpanzee there. 
(Laughter) This is where I realized that there was really a need to communicate, because the data of what's happening in the world and the child health of every country is very well aware. 
This country over here is China. 
This is India. 
Because my students, what they said when they looked upon the world, and I asked them, "What do you really think about the world?" 
(Laughter) And they said, "The world is still 'we' and 'them.' And 'we' is the Western world and 'them' is the Third World." 
"And what do you mean with 'Western world?'" I said. 
"Well, that's long life and small family. 
So this is what I could display here. 
I put fertility rate here -- number of children per woman: one, two, three, four, up to about eight children per woman. 
We have very good data since 1962, 1960, about, on the size of families in all countries. 
The error margin is narrow. 
Here, I put life expectancy at birth, from 30 years in some countries, up to about 70 years. 
And in 1962, there was really a group of countries here that were industrialized countries, and they had small families and long lives. 
And these were the developing countries. 
Now, what has happened since 1962? We want to see the change. 
Are the students right? It's still two types of countries? 
Or have these developing countries got smaller families and they live here? 
Or have they got longer lives and live up there? 
Let's see. We stopped the world then. 
This is all UN statistics that have been available. 
Here we go. Can you see there? 
All the green Latin American countries are moving towards smaller families. 
Your yellow ones here are the Arabic countries, and they get longer life, but not larger families. 
The Africans are the green here. They still remain here. 
This is India; Indonesia is moving on pretty fast. 
In the '80s here, you have Bangladesh still among the African countries. 
But now, Bangladesh -- it's a miracle that happens in the '80s -- the imams start to promote family planning, and they move up into that corner. 
And in the '90s, we have the terrible HIV epidemic that takes down the life expectancy of the African countries. 
And the rest of them all move up into the corner, where we have long lives and small family, and we have a completely new world. 
(Applause) (Applause ends) Let me make a comparison directly between the United States of America and Vietnam. 
1964: America had small families and long life; Vietnam had large families and short lives. 
And this is what happens. 
The data during the war indicate that even with all the death, there was an improvement of life expectancy. 
By the end of the year, family planning started in Vietnam, and they went for smaller families. 
And the United States up there is getting longer life, keeping family size. 
And in the '80s now, they give up Communist planning and they go for market economy, and it moves faster even than social life. 
And today, we have in Vietnam the same life expectancy and the same family size here in Vietnam, 2003, as in United States, 1974, by the end of the war. 
I think we all, if we don't look at the data, we underestimate the tremendous change in Asia, which was in social change before we saw the economic change. 
So let's move over to another way here in which we could display the distribution in the world of income. 
One dollar, 10 dollars or 100 dollars per day. 
There's no gap between rich and poor any longer. This is a myth. 
There's a little hump here. 
But there are people all the way. 
And if we look where the income ends up, this is 100 percent of the world's annual income. 
And the richest 20 percent, they take out of that about 74 percent. 
And the poorest 20 percent, they take about two percent. 
And this shows that the concept of developing countries is extremely doubtful. 
We think about aid, like these people here giving aid to these people here. 
But in the middle, we have most of the world population, and they have now 24 percent of the income. 
We heard it in other forms. 
And who are these? 
Where are the different countries? 
I can show you Africa. 
This is Africa. 
Ten percent of the world population, most in poverty. 
This is OECD -- the rich countries, the country club of the UN. 
And they are over here on this side. Quite an overlap between Africa and OECD. 
And this is Latin America. 
It has everything on this earth, from the poorest to the richest in Latin America. 
And on top of that, we can put East Europe, we can put East Asia, and we put South Asia. 
And what did it look like if we go back in time, to about 1970? 
And most who lived in absolute poverty were Asians. 
The problem in the world was the poverty in Asia. 
And if I now let the world move forward, you will see that while population increases, there are hundreds of millions in Asia getting out of poverty, and some others getting into poverty, and this is the pattern we have today. 
And the best projection from the World Bank is that this will happen, and we will not have a divided world. 
We'll have most people in the middle. 
Of course it's a logarithmic scale here, but our concept of economy is growth with percent. 
We look upon it as a possibility of percentile increase. 
If I change this and take GDP per capita instead of family income, and I turn these individual data into regional data of gross domestic product, and I take the regions down here, the size of the bubble is still the population. 
And you have the OECD there, and you have sub-Saharan Africa there, and we take off the Arab states there, coming both from Africa and from Asia, and we put them separately, and we can expand this axis, and I can give it a new dimension here, by adding the social values there, child survival. 
Now I have money on that axis, and I have the possibility of children to survive there. 
In some countries, 99.7% of children survive to five years of age; others, only 70. 
And here, it seems, there is a gap between OECD, Latin America, East Europe, East Asia, Arab states, South Asia and sub-Saharan Africa. 
The linearity is very strong between child survival and money. 
But let me split sub-Saharan Africa. 
Health is there and better health is up there. 
I can go here, and I can split sub-Saharan Africa into its countries. 
And when it bursts, the size of each country bubble is the size of the population. 
Sierra Leone down there, Mauritius is up there. 
Mauritius was the first country to get away with trade barriers, and they could sell their sugar, they could sell their textiles, on equal terms as the people in Europe and North America. 
There's a huge difference [within] Africa. 
And Ghana is here in the middle. 
Here in Uganda, development aid. 
Here, time to invest; there, you can go for a holiday. 
There's tremendous variation within Africa, which we very often make that it's equal everything. 
I can split South Asia here. India's the big bubble in the middle. 
But there's a huge difference between Afghanistan and Sri Lanka. 
I can split Arab states. How are they? 
Same climate, same culture, same religion -- huge difference. 
Even between neighbors -- Yemen, civil war; United Arab Emirates, money, which was quite equally and well-used. 
Not as the myth is. 
And that includes all the children of the foreign workers who are in the country. 
Data is often better than you think. Many people say data is bad. 
There is an uncertainty margin, but we can see the difference here: Cambodia, Singapore. 
The differences are much bigger than the weakness of the data. 
East Europe: Soviet economy for a long time, but they come out after 10 years very, very differently. 
And there is Latin America. 
Today, we don't have to go to Cuba to find a healthy country in Latin America. 
Here, we have high-income countries in the OECD. 
And we get the whole pattern here of the world, which is more or less like this. 
And if we look at it, how the world looks, in 1960, it starts to move. 
This is Mao Zedong. He brought health to China. 
And then he died. 
And we have seen how countries move in different directions like this, so it's sort of difficult to get an example country which shows the pattern of the world. 
But I would like to bring you back to about here, at 1960. 
I would like to compare South Korea, which is this one, with Brazil, which is this one. 
The label went away for me here. 
And I would like to compare Uganda, which is there. 
I can run it forward, like this. 
And you can see how South Korea is making a very, very fast advancement, whereas Brazil is much slower. 
And if we move back again, here, and we put trails on them, like this, you can see again that the speed of development is very, very different, and the countries are moving more or less at the same rate as money and health, but it seems you can move much faster if you are healthy first than if you are wealthy first. 
And to show that, you can put on the way of United Arab Emirates. 
They came from here, a mineral country. 
They cached all the oil; they got all the money; but health cannot be bought at the supermarket. 
You have to invest in health. You have to get kids into schooling. 
You have to train health staff. You have to educate the population. 
And Sheikh Zayed did that in a fairly good way. 
In spite of falling oil prices, he brought this country up here. 
So we've got a much more mainstream appearance of the world, where all countries tend to use their money better than they used it in the past. 
Now, this is, more or less, if you look at the average data of the countries -- they are like this. 
That's dangerous, to use average data, because there is such a lot of difference within countries. 
So if I go and look here, we can see that Uganda today is where South Korea was in 1960. 
If I split Uganda, there's quite a difference within Uganda. 
The richest 20 percent of Ugandans are there. 
The poorest are down there. 
If I split South Africa, it's like this. 
And if I go down and look at Niger, where there was such a terrible famine [recently], it's like this. 
The 20 percent poorest of Niger is out here, and the 20 percent richest of South Africa is there, and yet we tend to discuss what solutions there should be in Africa. 
Everything in this world exists in Africa. 
And you can't discuss universal access to HIV [treatment] for that quintile up here with the same strategy as down here. 
The improvement of the world must be highly contextualized, and it's not relevant to have it on a regional level. 
We must be much more detailed. 
And even more, policy makers and the corporate sectors would like to see how the world is changing. 
Now, why doesn't this take place? 
Why are we not using the data we have? 
We have data in the United Nations, in the national statistical agencies and in universities and other nongovernmental organizations. 
Because the data is hidden down in the databases. 
And the public is there, and the internet is there, but we have still not used it effectively. 
All that information we saw changing in the world does not include publicly funded statistics. 
There are some web pages like this, you know, but they take some nourishment down from the databases, but people put prices on them, stupid passwords and boring statistics. 
(Laughter) And this won't work. 
(Applause) So what is needed? We have the databases. 
It's not a new database that you need. 
We have wonderful design tools and more and more are added up here. 
So we started a nonprofit venture linking data to design, we called "Gapminder," from the London Underground, where they warn you, "Mind the gap." 
So we thought Gapminder was appropriate. 
And it wasn't that difficult. 
You can take a data set and put it there. 
We are liberating UN data, some few UN organization. 
Some countries accept that their databases can go out on the world. 
But what we really need is, of course, a search function, a search function where we can copy the data up to a searchable format and get it out in the world. 
And what do we hear when we go around? 
Everyone says, "It's impossible. This can't be done. 
Our information is so peculiar in detail, so that cannot be searched as others can be searched. 
We cannot give the data free to the students, free to the entrepreneurs of the world." 
But this is what we would like to see, isn't it? 
And we would like flowers to grow out on the net. 
One of the crucial points is to make them searchable, and then people can use the different design tools to animate it there. 
And I have pretty good news for you. 
I have good news that the [current], new head of UN statistics doesn't say it's impossible. 
He only says, "We can't do it." 
(Laughter) And that's a quite clever guy, huh? 
(Laughter) So we can see a lot happening in data in the coming years. 
We will be able to look at income distributions in completely new ways. 
This is the income distribution of China, 1970. 
This is the income distribution of the United States, 1970. 
Almost no overlap. 
And what has happened? 
What has happened is this: that China is growing, it's not so equal any longer, and it's appearing here, overlooking the United States, almost like a ghost, isn't it? 
(Laughter) It's pretty scary. 
(Laughter) But I think it's very important to have all this information. 
We need really to see it. 
And instead of looking at this, I would like to end up by showing the internet users per 1,000. 
In this software, we access about 500 variables from all the countries quite easily. 
It takes some time to change for this, but on the axes, you can quite easily get any variable you would like to have. 
And the thing would be to get up the databases free, to get them searchable, and with a second click, to get them into the graphic formats, where you can instantly understand them. 
Now, statisticians don't like it, because they say that this will not show the reality; we have to have statistical, analytical methods. 
I end now with the world. 
The number of internet users are going up like this. 
This is the GDP per capita. 
And it's a new technology coming in, but then amazingly, how well it fits to the economy of the countries. 
That's why the $100 computer will be so important. 
But it's a nice tendency. 
It's as if the world is flattening off, isn't it? 
These countries are lifting more than the economy, and it will be very interesting to follow this over the year, as I would like you to be able to do with all the publicly funded data. 
Thank you very much. 
(Applause) 

